What kind of car do you own? I have a jeep.
I don't own my own car! I actually really enjoying walking and running, but then again, I live in a small town and semi-close to work.
Ah I see! I like going to the gym to work out.
I'm a computer programmer. What do you do for work.
I work in marketing. Do you have any hobbies?
I love to grill! I love meat, especially steak.
Oh neat! I don't eat meat but I do like some grilled veggies.
My family is from alaska. Where are you from?
I'm from new england. It must be cold up there.
It's so cold! I think thats why I love wearing warm pants!
Haha I feel you. I love wearin warm pants in the winter.
Do you play any sports?
Did you manage to go out on a run today?
Yes I actually was able too. I am considering joining the local gym. Do you prefer going to the gym?
I do actually. I like the controlled environment. I don't want to have to depend on the weather consider where I live.
Thats why i am thinking about it. I hate to have to run when its raining, and I feel like it rains here all the time.
A lot of gyms have tracks so that you can run indoors. Hey, have you thought about maybe buying a treadmill and using that at home?
I am defiantly considering getting one. Im just trying to figure out what i would do more. Go to the gym and actually do more than just running, or sticking to what i know and getting a treadmill.
Oh, that's true. I hadn't thought about all of that. You're right. With a gym there is a whole lot of options for what you can do. Do you have some good gyms near you?
They have just built one in the small town really close to me and it looks pretty decent. Before that it was like an hour drive.
With you not owning a car going to any others would probably be difficult. Well, do you have any good parks and running trails nearby?
Yeah exactly. There is a super nice little running trail that is pretty decent.
Hey, do you run with anyone? I mean, have you joined a club or will you if you haven't?
There is any around here maybe i could start one. Thank you for that idea.