Hello there!
Hi! How are you doing?
Well, thank you. How are you?
Fab, thanks! I'm here to see my fave band play. I drove 1,000 miles for it!
Wow, so cool. What's your favorite band?
Roxy music. My 2 older brothers took me to see them when I was a kid.
That's so cool! I actually play band in school.
Did you? What do you do now? I'm from farmer stock, meself.
I play for my high school, so it's nothing too cool. Haha!
No, it's totally cool. What instrument?
I play the trumpet. I really enjoy it. It makes time go by in school faster.
Oh, yeah, and there's so many great trumpet players. Check out chet baker.
I have never heard of them, I will have to check them out. Thanks!
How long have you lived here? I just moved -- to charlotte, nc.
My whole life. Oklahoma city, oklahoma!
Nice talking to you! Great place! Have a great day!!
How was the concert you witnessed?
They were amazing, well worth the drive. They even had a great and talented trumpet player.
Oh, cool. Was that the first time you saw them play since your brothers took you to see them as a kid?
Yes, it has definitely been a long time. Have you got to see any bands recently, or are you just focused on your own?
I've actually never been to any sort of concert other than ones where I've played with the school band, if you consider that a real concert. My parents keep me on a pretty tight leash, and school keeps me very busy anyway.
I am sorry to hear that. Would you say your main focus is on music or with academics?
I try to excel in both. I find them sort of complementary, to be honest. I work on music for a while and that makes it easier to go back to academics, and vice versa. It mixes things up.
That is amazing that you are able to do that so successfully. I wish I could've done that back when I was in high school, and maybe I would have pursued my dreams of music. However, I am content with my life now.
What do you do for a living? Are you a farmer like your forebears?
Yes I am. I followed in my parent's foot steps. On this new farm in Charlotte, there is enough space to accompany all of my family.
That's fantastic What all do you grow?
A lot of different things, including corn, potatoes, squash, and tomatoes.