Hello, how are you today?
Good thank you for asking. I grew up on a farm and have 2 older siblings, you?
I love coffee. I enjoy the zoo, hiking, camping and running.
I moved to the city and there are lots of coffee shops. Do you like music?
Yes. I love my leisure time, I have a dog. Do you have pets?
No pets at this time. I traveled far to see my favorite band. Siblings?.
I have 3 brothers. I spend most of my time with my dog.
Dogs are fun! City life doesn’t allow me to have pets..
I love coffee like you, I just got a new espresso machine. It is awesome!
Are you male or female?.
Female. What about you?
Female as well. My dad was a farmer and wants to visit me in the city..
I just made a latte with my new espresso machine. Have you ever made your own latte?
no i haven't but i always wouldn't to. Do you have any suggestions on making a good one?
Not really - it was so easy! Put the thing in, press the button and walk away. Tastes like a fancy 10 dollar coffee but for a fraction of the price. Highly recommend it if you like coffee!
i will have to try it one day. I usually just go and buy one.and that does get expensive. What things do you do in you leisure tiem?
I've been trying to be more active with the dogs. The coffee certainly helps! How about you? What have you been up to?
When i'm not working i'm just traveling around the city, finding new places and things to do
Found anything exciting lately? I get overwhelmed so easily in the big city.
I was like that at first coming from a farm but i use to it know. i just discovered a nice little place to eat that has the best food ever
What kind of food is it? Some good cuisine is definitely the easiest way to tempt me out in the suburbs, lol
lol, it's Mexican. authentic. It was so good. I think you would love it. I think everything i tried i .loved. I even to home some so other could try it. What type of food do you like?
I like everything! I could really go for some authentic Mexican... a little taco, a taquito maybe, some nachos definitely... oh I'm so hungry now. ha!
Well you would love this place. it's the best and the customer service is amazing