What is your favorite food?
Popcorn.
I love to eat meat, steak is probably my favorite.
Do you like to watch movies?
I like to workout so I'd rather go on a run then watch a movie.
Where do you buy your running shoes?
I don't have a store that I always buy them from.
Do you prefer going to a store in person, or shopping online?
Well I am a programmer so I do like to do things on my computer.
Do you listen to music?
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
I enjoy country music, how about you?
I don't have a preferene.
What are your hobbies, outside of running?
I was scrolling my email inbox this morning that I noticed an invitation for a music festival in my inbox. I will be held next weekend. It has written that there will be several music performances including country music. The invitation is for two individuals , so you can bring one guest with you. I'm not a fan of music and even if I was, I could not attend the event this weekend since I have to finalize a project. So I thought this might be interesting for you.
Oh, I'd be very interested, since it's a country music concert. Who's playing?
All the best country artists. I've heard that Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton will be making an appearance.
Ooh, Dolly Parton *and* Johnny Cash? That's excellent! Now I'm very excited! Let me get you something in return. Hmmm... there are some mail order steak places where you can order online, directly from a farm. What cut(s) of beef do you like?
Oh wow how kind of you, I can't believe you remembered it's my favourite. I love rib eye steak. Have you ordered from there before?
I never done mail-order steak before, but I've always wanted to try it out, since it's cheap and much higher quality than the stuff you can get at your average grocery store's meat section. Guess I can also use you as a guinea pig, haha!
Yeah I'm trying my best to support independent these days. Screw the corporations! I've even thought about setting up my own farm day, we all have dreams right?
That sounds like an awesome dream! And yeah, I try to buy local as much as I can. At least I know for sure that I'm helping out a member of my community when I'm doing that.
If the farm dream doesn't play out, I can always rely on my back up plan of winning the lottery ;) Ever thought about what you'd do with a few million dollars?
Haha, I think about it all the time. I'd pay off my mortgage, stick the rest in VTSAX, and become a self-funded country musician.
Ahhh that sounds like a good dream. Unlimited holidays... it would be so sweet. Do you play any instruments?
I play the guitar! I guess that'd make sense too, since, you know, I'm a fan of country music and all.