Hi.
Hi! Do you like music? I love black sabbath.
Dad was in the navy tho so he wouldnt let me listen to black sabbath.
That's too bad. Do you work? Workaholic here as I'm in debt.
I'm still in school now.
I'm 26 and out of school and only think of work all the time.
That's too bad. Do you have any pets to cheer you up?
No pets. Not my thing, but I love food. What's your favorite?
Good old burgers and fries! Yours?
I love meat. Call me a carnivore!
Haha nice. I like chocolate, too. Named my dogs snickers and bounty.
Oh those are such cute names. What kind of dogs?
Have you had any days off lately?
Not recently, it has been all work and no fun recently. Once I get rid of this debt though, it will all be better.
Yeah, I guess once that debt is gone you can have a little extra cash to do some fun stuff. I'm trying to work my way through school so I can have as little student loan debt as possible.
That is a very smart plan. What kind of job do you have right now? I am a grocery store clerk, but I am only doing it until I can find a more permanent job in education.
I'm actually driving uber and doing some other gig work. Surprisingly, it's not a bad way to make some money. I'm in a bigger city so there's plenty of work that way. Well I hope you can find a teaching position, we need all the best teachers we can get. Are you done with school?
Yes I am done with school. I am hoping to find some work in the math related field, preferably at a high school. Math is what my major is in.
That's good! I thought about being a teacher at one point. I was kind of a science geek. Believe it or not I like working with middle school. They are difficult but still a lot of fun.
I understand. Is being a teacher still on the table for you or will you pursue a different career?
It's not really on the table anymore. I like research more than teaching...I like the idea of asking questions other people haven't asked or explored yet. I'm headed into the social science right now. Studying people and the way we interact with one another and the environment around us.
That is an inspiring and terrific field to enter. And who knows, if teaching doesn't work out, maybe I will find myself in the research field. Hopefully you would be able to give me some pointers.
I'd be glad to. Have you tried any new restaurants recently?
I have not really had time to go out recently, so I have just been having fast food recently.