Hello, what do you do?
I play a lot of video games, specifically league of legends. And you?
Cool! I don't often play video games. I like to hunt in my free time.
Nice, maybe if you got a new gaming laptop like mine you would play more.
What kind of laptop did you get?
A new gaming laptop, lol. Wjat do you hunt?
Mostly deer. I am worried about overpopulation.
Human or deer overpopulation? Do you know who alistar is...a champion!
Deer population, I am concerned about wildlife in general. I do not know alistar.
Yeah, alistar is my favorite. Good luck with the hunting. You do anything else.
Not really, but thank you!
Oh well, you should try video games then.
I just got back from a trip hunting deer.
How did it go? Did you snag a buck?
Not this time. It still went good though. I checked out the conditions for some of the animals living in the area. What have you been up to?
I spent all night playing League of Legends. But after that I bought Resident Evil VIII. I haven't turned it on yet but I'm looking forward to it. Usually I wait for a sale but I couldn't resist.
That's cool. What is Resident Evil VIII about?
It's a horror game. You're a guy looking for his kidnapped daughter and you have to explore a bunch of eerie locations full of monsters. I really liked the last one so I'm eager to see if this one is as good.
Hmm, that could be interesting. Do you play by yourself or is it a multiplayer online game?
I just play it by myself. I turn the lights out and play it late at night by myself so it's as scary as possible. Do you like horror movies and scary things like that?
Not really. About the only thing scary that I like is sneaking up on a deer out in the wild! I play videogames every now and then but they are usually tame, calm ones.
I understand. Where do you go to hunt? Is it your land or someone you know?
Both actually. Sometimes I hunt on mine or my family's places and sometimes I go to state hunting sites. You should go next time I go!
That would be fun! I've never shot a real gun before though. Is it hard?