Hi. Do you like meat?
Yes I do! Omnivore is what I call myself.
I only eat veggies. I love animals.
I like animals too. What kind of music do you like? I like it all!
I like blasting rock in my jeep wrangler. What do you drive?
I just ride my bike. I enjoy it and it's great exercise!
I prefer the gym myself. Trying to put on muscle.
I try to work out when I can, I sit all day working on computers.
I'm a housewife. I married a lawyer. You married?
I am. I also like to read.
Reading is a great way to pass the time.
It is. It's a great escape. Do you like movies?
My Jeep got a flat tire so I was stranded for 3 hours today!
That sucks! Did you have any profound thoughts whilst you were stuck? 3 hours is such a long time to wait.
No, no profound thoughts. I basically just read some in a book I had luckily brought with me and waited.
Books are such a good way of passing the time. especially when you get lost in the world of the book. I find that with books though, it helps to have a vivid imagination. Do you have one?
I guess so. I mean, I can image what the characters and the worlds in the books look like. Do you have a good imagination?
Unfortunately, no. My mind is a weird and wonderful place of... not very much if I am honest. I prefer reading more non-fiction books. I also love biographies. Do you read any biographies?
No, I have to admit that I haven't. Who have you read about?
One of my favourites was Michelle Obama's. The insight it gave into the role of The First Lady was utterly fascinating. I suggest you give it a try
Maybe. I really prefer historical fiction to anything else. I like to read about the past, especially the Victorian era. The present is a little depressing for me.
One of my favourite quotes about the past and the present goes as follows - "The past is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is wonderful, that's why they call it the present". That is kind of my outlook on life now. What was the last historical fiction book you read?
It was Emma by Jane Austen. You're quote is interesting. It makes you think. Who said it?
It was in the film Kung Fu Panda, of ALL places. But I suppose, since it is aimed at children, it teaches them a way of having a positive outlook on life. Emma is renowned for being an amazing book, I should give it a try