Do you like meat. I am a meat glutton.
Sure, sometimes! As long as I can afford it.
What is your favorite type of meat?
Chicken, mostly. Its the cheapest and easiest to come by.
Of course. Do you have an hobby at all?
I do :) I like to paint and sometimes I compose music. You?
When I am not reading, you will see me running.
What kind of books do you like to read? And do you work?.
I love sci fi and yes I m a programmer.
Sci fi is nice sometimes, but I prefer tamer things myself. You like your job?
Of course yes I have always loved it since I was living with my parent.
Oh.. Is your boss nice? I dont work under anyone so im curious.
I work part time and he has to be nice or else I will dump him.
Haha, no mercy huh? I cant stand bosses at all, so im luckily self employed.
Have you ever sold one of your paintings?
I have only sold a few as commissions. Nothing fancy though. I would like to have enough pieces to put on a show and maybe sell some there. How many do you think I should have for that?
i would think maybe 10 no more than 12. I think you want enough to showcase your art but no to much to overwhelm anyone. What type of painting do you like to do?
I like to paint landscapes, but all my commissions were for pets. I like to paint with realism. Nothing too fantasy based. I have a friend who wants me to paint Jurassic Park, but I don't like science fiction like you do.
Oh wow, i love looking at realism type painting. I wish i could paint and i can understand not wanting to paint Jurassic park since your not into science fiction i'm pretty sure your friend will understand. What type of painting do you plan to do for your show?
I haven't decided. Maybe I will do something music based since that's one of my other passions. How about you? What have you been programming lately?
I have been working on the game for this big company. It's fun and can get stressful at time but all in all i'm enjoying it and can't wait to finish and see it come together
Maybe one day I will paint the art for one of the games you code. You never know. Could be a fun way to team up.
Oh that would be interesting and fun. You right you never know. i see you said your your own boss. Is painting your full time job are do you own another business?
My music composition is my main source of income. I work freelance and do different things like add piano to an existing song and sometimes I even get to compose a jingle for a commercial!
compose a jingle that sounds like so much phone. Do you plan on doing ore of that?
I prefer to create real music, but if the price is right, I would create more jingles. I work with a tight budget.