Hello, do you have any time off or holidays coming up?
I wish. I have to work six days, at least 12 hours a day for the next month, maybe more.
I will be traveling over the easter weekend. I got a new dress and everything.
Cool! Sounds like you are ready for a concert. I love black sabbath.
I like all kinds of music that most people my age like, I'm twenty eight.
Are you a vegetarian? I love hamburgers too much to give them up.
I don't follow any special type of diet.
I have been spending too much money on concerts and hamburgers. Also, consumed with work.
I really enjoy traveling and am looking forward to putting miles on my new car.
Where are you traveling for the easter holiday?
I think my mom will faint when she sees my blue hair.
Nice color, but where are you going for easter?
My moms reaction to my blue hair was epic.
Omg was she ok with it or not?
She thought I did a good job but thats as far as she wanted to speak about it. I know shes not a fan though because at the grocery store whenever someone looks at it she immediately gets defensive.
To be fair that is pretty funny. I think overtime she will get used to it probably just a shock to her system. You think you will keep it blue for a while?
Ive been changing it around every few months or so. I might try pink next to show her a color she likes more.
Oh that sounds great. I wish I could be braver to dye my hair a crazy color. I just stick to highlights.
I like those and once mine has grown out a bit im probably going to go that route. What color highlights do you get?
I usually get blonde and a reddish color i have light brown hair. Maybe next time i get my hair done i will just take the plunge and go for a bright all over color.
There are also really fun muted pastels
Oh maybe i will try that first then so it wont be too much of a shock to me. Thank you for the idea.
I started with those and once I knew which colors worked best for me I got bolder. They tend to be temporary and are super easy to DIY.
Thats an awesome way to start out so you can figure out what you actually like before doing something you regret.