Hello, how are you?
Good thank you and how are you.
I'm good. Lovely scenery. I'm on the water on my houseboat..
Nice im married to a lawyer and we have a boat as well.
What do you do for a living? I'm a bartender.
I am a music producer and work construction. Where you from.
The usa. Do you have any brothers or sisters? I have four.
Yes I have three. I go to the gym every day how about you?
I go every once in awhile. Where did you go to school?
Full sail university. And just bought a jeep.
Oh, cool. I graduated with a master's degree..
Thats nice im going for my bachelors. Do you eat meat? I only eat vegetables.
I do. What kind of work did your parents do?
My mother is in crafts and arts. How about yours?
At work while bartending I met a group of musicians that are shopping around to get their songs produced and I immediately thought of you. I have their number if you are interested!
What type of music do they do? I'm always looking for fresh new people
They described themselves as sort of rock-reggae fusion band. I listened to a few of their songs and thought they were pretty good, and unique. Maybe your professional ear would have a different opinion though.
rock-reggea that different and i like different. yes sure give me their number and we can see what can happen
Okay, I'll have to go find it. They wrote it down on a napkin for me because none of them seemed to have a phone or anything but cash and very tight jeans.
okay great will whenever you find it just let me know. How is it having a houseboat? Do you live on it full time?
Yes, that's my permanent home. I like it. I like being on and by the water, and it means I don't have a yard to worry about. You said you and your spouse have a boat--what kind is it?
It's just a little fishing boat nothing fancy. but we like it and we love go out together on it. But i always wouldn't a houseboat it just seem so fun to always leave on the water.
Yes, for now it's my preference. We'll see--someday I might come back and live on dry land. So what are you studying for your bachelor's degree?
I'm going for early childhood development but i'm not sure if that what i want anymore
Oh, that's interesting. Are you studying with the intent of eventually changing your field of work? Or are you just getting the degree for the sake of it, or for the knowledge, or what?
i want to work with kids so i thought it would be best to