Hello, anyone there?
Hi! Yes, I am!
Oh, hi. ^_^ so, how are you doing today?.
Not too bad. Gorgeous weather in cali today! You?
It's alright. Snow over here, but at least I have pizza..
Oh man, I'm jealous. I started making homemade veggie pizza this year.
We'll have to swap recipes sometime, that sounds delicious..
Sounds great! It took a while to get my kids adjusted to veggies on it aha.
How did you tackle brussel sprouts? I cook a lot since my mom retired.
I roast brussel sprouts and then drizzle balsamic dressing over it. So good..
That's an idea. I'll have to try it next weekend, after the game sunday.
What sport are you watching?
Football. My grandfather got me into it, and I've been hooked ever since..
That's sweet-- I mostly just watch movies but my family loves football..
I was indoors in the last five hours, and I looked up a couple of recipes online for some vegetarian dishes. I found a recipe for a veggie lasagna that I wanted to try out, would you also like to get the link to try it out as well?
Only if it doesn't include eggplant or red/green peppers, I am allergic to them.
Uh oh, I think this recipe has both! I guess that is back to the drawing board for me. What are your favorite vegetables to eat and cook with?
I really like asparagus, it is one of my faves. Aside from that, I like snow peas and snap peas.
I do like asparagus as well. It tastes really good with bacon or prosciutto wrapped around it! Although, then it wouldn't be vegetarian. Do you eat meat or are you strictly plant-based?
I eat plenty of meat, but on Friday's, me and the kids to meat free Fridays. That's why we started doing veggie pizza.
That is a great idea! I am trying to eat less meat myself. How old are your kids?
I have a 8 year old and a 10 year old. They are a big 49ers fans.
Oh that is so nice! Are you a big sports fan yourself? I am not a huge sports fan but I like watching the Olympics.
Not a big sports fans, but since my family loves football, I do watch a little. I prefer old Client Eastwood movies.
I can't say I am a huge Clint Eastwood fan, but I haven't really given him a chance. What movies would you recommend?
Start with Hang 'em High, then perhaps something a bit more contemporary like Gran Torino. Careful though Gran Torino does have some racial undertones, so might offend some.