Hi, there! How are you today?
I am doing great today, on my way to college right now. How about you?
College, very cool. I'm going hiking, myself. What are you studying?
Studying sports medicine, just incase I stop playin soccer.
My neighbor john -- fantastic guy -- love him -- got kicked playing and can't play anymore.
Looking for a job at school is hard, but lucky enough my mother runs the school.
Lucky! Sports are great - they really show how all can work equally..
Yea I play soccer since I dont have any sibling.
Good way to socialize. Did you vote? I never vote.
No I didnt have a chance to vote yet. Did you?
No, I never vote. I'm a kind enough person, but the candidates are a bunch of jerks.
Yea the candidates lately has not been good enough to vote on.
Well, it's been great talking to you! Have a great day!
Have a great day! Be safe hiking.
I just finished my hike a couple of minutes ago, and I heard from a friend that they're hosting a soccer game this Saturday. I was wondering if you were interested in joining, it seems like fun and its probably not going to be too serious.
How was your hike? Good I hope! Yes, that sounds great! I'd love to join in the fun.
it was a 5 mile hike and the trail was not managed well so it was rough but the view was great. Im hoping they fix the trail though it wasnt safe
Oh no! That's disappointing to hear. Glad you made it back out safe tho!
I think it was all the bad weather. Lots of trees down on the paths and a lot of loose rocks. Dave went with and he twisted his ankle.
It def. seems that way. I hope he's okay! Hopefully they'll get the path cleared for next time or either rope the path off till further notice.
Hes gonna be fine. He still wants to play saturday too if its not sore
good deal! What time are we playing Saturday?
3pm at the park. That way we can have lunch settle so nobody pukes.
Yea...we don't need that. That sounds like a good time.
Make sure you bring plenty of water, they fountain there has a funny taste
thanks for letting me know! I can't handle funny tasting water, lol Should I bring a cooler with bottled water for everybody?