How are you doing on this great day?.
Hi, there! I'm very well, and you? Do you live in the us as well?
Yes, but I really enjoy travelling. What do you do?.
I'm working in public services, so for the government. Do you have a favourite travel destination?
Anywhere abroad, especially europe. I blog about where I travel..
Interesting. Do you have a pet?
Yes. I have many animals. I was once a veterinarian. How about you?.
I've got a pet lizard, lizzy! What do you do for fun?
I cook and take care of my animals. Make my living by singing..
Ex vet singing, that's varied! In theatres or in bars?
Mostly theaters. What are your hobbies?.
I enjoy skydiving, it's great fun.
Do you have a special diet? I like to eat vegan..
No, I'm an omnivore. Do you have a favourite place to hang out?
I found the greatest vegan chicken product the other day! Have you ever heard of plant-based meats?
I have heard of them, but I do not know much about them if I am totally honest. What did you cook with it?
You can bread them up and fry them as chicken nuggets. They also go well with a saucy pasta, or in a curry. The possibilities are endless! Would you be interested in trying them out, or do you think you'll stick with regular chicken?
I will probably just stick with regular chicken, but I do need to make some changes with my diet in order to beenfit the environment. Could you tell the difference in taste between the plant-based chicken and normal chicken?
Plant-based chicken is less stringy, and a bit different in texture. Some brands taste more like tofu than real chicken. I'd say chicken nuggets are a gentle introduction to plant-based foods, though. You can't really tell the difference, since it's all ground up anyways.
Oh, I really didn't know that. Maybe, after your explanation, I will give plant-based meats a try after all. I don't know, I just feel like they won't give the same amount of energy as normal meats do. I am so active on a daily basis that I don't want to be feeling tired as a result of my dietary choices. Have you found that it affects your energy levels at all? Or, atleast, did it initially?
A little bit. I drink more fresh-squeezed fruit juice and protein shakes to compensate. I also make sure to eat a greater variety of plants, so that I can get all the nutrients I need.
You seem to be very well-versed in these types of things. I really should listen to you more, I guess I am just set in my ways with a lot of things. Food being one of them. When you were younger, did you parents teach you how to cook?
I did learn to cook when I was younger, but I didn't become a vegan until later. I guess those cooking skills are very much transferrable, though.
You see, when I was younger, I never really got involved with the cooking in my house and I believe that is probably the reason why I don't experiment much with my foods. I hardly ever learn new recipes or try new foods. So, in some way, I believe my lack of interest is as a result of my childhood. What caused you to become vegan?