Hello.
Hello. Do you have a favorite genre of music?
No I'm more of an outdoors type person, with nature.
Ah what do you like doing outdoors?
Running, camping, hiking with my dog. What are some of your hobbies?
Cool. I like watching movies and hanging with my kids.
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Hmm I don't have a preference. Do you?
Yes coffee, love trying new coffees and ways to brew them.
What's your favorite coffee brew?
Blonde roast, starbucks brand brew is my favorite.
Ah cool! I like starbucks coffee.
I took my dog to the Starbucks drive-thru.
How was your coffee? Do they have blonde roast there? What kind do you usually get?
It was pretty tasty! My dog sure was popular, lol. I love their blonde roast but went for a caramel macchiatto today
I see. I love the caramel macchiatto. Do you have a way to make coffee when you are doing events outdoors?
I have a little camp coffee pot, just pour boiling water from the fire over the grounds. It's quite wonderful at sunrise. Have you ever been able to take your kids camping?
Yes. Well, we have a camper so it's not "roughing it". But we do like getting out in nature. They love it. And, to me, nothing is better than watching the sunrise with a cup of coffee in your hand.
Oh I bet having a camper is so nice! It's one of our savings goals. I do love the idea of having a toilet and shower easily accessible!
It is wonderful. And it allows us to stay longer than we would in a tent. I especially love it because, at night, we pull the screen and projector out and watch movies outside with some popcorn. As my friend says, its more like "glamping".
That actually sounds wonderful. I do love camping but I'm getting older and sleeping on the ground is starting to be a little ridiculous. Glamping through my 40s would probably save my back
I am sure. but with your running and outdoor lifestyle I am sure you are still in great shape?
I do my best to keep in shape, not perfect but I do try. I like to think the outdoors has kept me young!
I can only imagine. Having a camper would definitely give your body ample rest during all your outdoor activities. I love to run also. But it is nice to have a comfortable bed to sleep in afterward.