Hi there do you like sports.
Oh yes. Track is my favorite. As a matter of fact I won my race at our last meet.
Nice I was captain of my high school football team.
How are your grades? I know that sports and study make difficult companions.
Yeah I was a b student luckily but practicing karate helped me keep my mind focused.
I have been luckily blessed with a good mind and through hard work been an a student.
Well my girlfriend got me a job as a lifeguard since I am athletically inclined.
Sounds like you are quite the athlete.
Well thank you I wanna propose on the beach to her next week.
Maybe you could setup something at a lifeguard station with candles and such. That would be unique.
Well I plan on having a projector play her favorite horror movie on the back of one.
That's quite a girl who would want to get engaged during a horror movie!
We met when she was working at the movie theater and only the classic ones.
Maybe you could play the first horror movie you both saw together.
I had an idea for my proposal, can I run it by you?
sure! what's the plan?
I am going to take my girlfriend to a movie at the theater we first met at. I am going to hide the ring in a bucket of popcorn. She will find the ring in the bucket and I will get down on one knee and propose. What do you think?
That sounds great! is the ring going to be in a box, or loos in the bucket I dont want her to eat it by mistake.
LOL. I guess you are right! I should put the ring in a box. I guess that's why you are a good student and I am only getting Bs!
It still a great plan! What movie are you thinking of or can you get them to play a specific movie
Something romantic but also funny! She can't stand anything too sappy. Do you have any suggestions?
50 first dates or the weeding singer. Both of those are good choices. Or Lord of the rings because of the ring
Maybe I should go back to my original plan of proposing on the beach. I wonder if I can set up a projector and watch a movie there. Those are great suggestions. I knew you'd have good ideas, Smartypants!
A beach proposal sounds good too! What beach?