Hello, just got back from fishing, how are you?
Fine. I love to fish. Live by the ocean?
Yep, get kinda tired of it sometimes. I'm a pro fisher.
I live in florida. What do you fish for?
Tuna for work but whatever bites. Florida is nice. You like baseball?
Yes, I used to live in cincinnati so, I'm a big reds fan.
Ah, the reds. I'm a fan even though I'm in new york.
Yeah! I'm in the process of setting up a work from home office.
Sorry, my lasagna was finished in the oven. What kind of vehicle do you have?
A hyundai elantra. Good gas mileage. I really like it.
I gotta have the gas guzzling trucks!
My fiance has a ford f150 and it eats the gas!
Oh, congrats on the engagement. When's the date?
It's a "forever engagement". We've both been married before.
How is the home office coming along?
Pretty goof! It's actually harder to separate home from work now, and there's a noise problem, but okay otherwise. Have you been out fishing yet this spring?
Yeah I think there are probably pros and cons of working from home but I'm glad it's going well! I try to get out a few times a week but it's been kind of cold here in New York. Hoping to go twice this weekend! Wishing I was where you are in Florida - have you been fishing lately?
Yes, got into a huge school of trevalley and also a good sized marlin! I was surprised to get to do saltwater this early but guide prices are cheap this year
That's awesome! How is the wedding planning going?
Arrrgh--her mother has taken over and is making a much bigger deal than it needs to be. How's your new truck doing?
Haha I know how that goes. Mother in laws are always a challenge. The truck is running like a dream. I'm so glad I upgraded and don't have to worry about it breaking down all the time now.
What features does it have?
It's a 2021 Ram 1500 with a v-6 engine. It's great because I can tow my boat with ease and the cargo bed is huge. It's got all the bells and whistles pretty much.
Wow! I am really envious. That would pull my bass boat much easier than my beat-up old Ranger
Maybe you'll get enough money from your wedding to buy a new truck! Haha if the wife allows.
I'm paying for the wedding -- if I come within three grand of breaking even I'll be lucky :)