Hi. I'm turning 29 soon. How old are you?
I'm 97 and I am vegan.
Wow. That's great. What are you doing for spring break.
I'm going to hunt animals and eat them..
I'm going to the beach. I thought you were vegan?
It comes and goes I change from second to second..
I'm driving to the beach in my new car my mom bought.
Oh ok I'm driving a tomato my mom bought me..
I'm going to wear a new dress I bought for easter.
That sounds so interesting... Wow.
What else do you do?
I don't do talking but here we are..
Are you feeling vegan or not vegan today?
I'm feeling not vegan today. I might eat a cheeseburger if someone brings me one.
Maybe you can swing through a drive through in your tomato! I was wondering, were you joking about the tomato? Or is tomato a nickname for your car?
I was joking about a red Beetle my mom bought me decades ago. It looked like a tomato so that's what we called it. Did you make it to the beach?
That's hilarious! I call my car Christine, like the Steven King novel. Christine got me to the beach in record time, but I ended up leaving early because the weather turned. I found an awesome vegan restaurant on the way home though that made me think of you.
I'm glad to be in your thoughts. I don't think I've been to the beach in 48 years. I don't think I'll get there again.
There's still a good amount of time left of my Spring Break, so I'll probably head back out to the beach again in a few days. I'm not too disappointed about it. You should try to head out to the beach as well, the sun might do you some good. Or maybe you get enough sun on your hunting trips? I've never been hunting.
I get most of my vitamin D from pills now. Most of what I do at 97 is take pills. There are so many of them I don't know what any of them do, but I figure if I stop taking them I'll melt or something, so I take them all.
Do you live on your own? I could never remember to take all those pills by myself and I'm not even 30 yet.
I do but I have a nurse who comes and checks on me every day and puts my pills in one of those dispenser things. It takes her about 40 minutes to organize the pills each morning.
I'm really impressed! Sometimes I feel like I'm still trying to figure out how to take care of myself. Do you get lonely? Or are you happier being independent?
I mostly like being alone but it would be nice to have some real female company once in a while. My nurse isn't very warm.