How are you? I just put my baby down for a nap.
Im great im gathering my gear for the weekend.
Where are you going on your trip?
Me and the guys are going rock climbing.
I'd like to try that someday when the kids are older.
Ahh well its fun and we jam out to 21 pilots as we climb.
The younger students at my college love that band.
I love music so much I named my dog leto we go on walks daily.
We might get a dog when I finish my teaching degree.
Well good luck I wanna work my way up to owning my work.
What kind of work do you do?
Im a sous chef at a nice casual resturant.
I do illustrations for kids'books but I can't make a living at it.
Why not even childrens kindles need pictures..
How was your rock climbing expedition with the boys?
It was great! We had a lot of fun, although they are more avid climbers than I am. I bet you stay busy with your baby..
yes i do she is very active and love to get into everything. I would love to go rock climbing but i'm a little scared. How did you get over the fear?
I was really scared in the beginning (and even not sometimes). But my boys wanted me to do it so badly, I did it for them. One of those motherly sacrifices...lol. It helps to start on a small climbing wall. Perhaps you could try that.
That good advice and you right the thing we do for out love ones I will try it hopefully soon. I see you like music, what other types of music do you like?
I actually love all kinds of music. Its hard to pin it down to one kind. This week I like 21 Pilots, but next week it may be something entirely different. Do you like music?
yes i love all types myslf and just depends on the day what kind i want to listen t but i like country, r&b and reggae
That's awesome! I think it's really cool that you do children't book illustrations. I am so envious of anyone who can draw anything. It must be a lot of fun.
It's loads of fun to see my work come to. I love that even when i'm good my work will live on and bring happiness to kids.
So true! And that totally makes sense that you are studying to be a teacher. One day a child in your class may be reading a book you illustrated!
right i didn't even think of that.Yes i love kids they are just the best little people. Do you have any other pets?.
No, just my dog, Leto. He's a golden retriever. We've had him for 4 years, and he is just the best dog. The boys love him. They are constant companions. Do you have any pets?