Hi! Where are you at? I'm a city dweller..
Morning!! I live in the country. Love nature and working with animals.
The country is nice. Do you walk much? I walk to my job rather than drive.
Absolutely!! Art is my work, so I walk through nature!
Sounds cool. I'm a reader and go through a novel each week.
Cool. I like listening to country music, but rock is my favorite.
I like rock. Do you exercise? My favorite is pilates.
I stay active, but not much into a set exercise. My mom loves pilates.
Is your family big? I just have a brother.
My mom, she is a nurse. My dad, a farmer. Then a sister.
That's very diverse. Do you get along with your sister?
Somewhat, yes! How about you with your brother?
I just finished my most recent book and am now looking for my next read. Do you have any suggestions for me?
That depends, I guess! Is there a particular genre you'd be looking to read?
I prefer sci-fi but here recently I have been craving a god mystery.
Ooh! Okay. I guess some people don't really enjoy his writing, but I've always thought Dan Brown's 'Da Vinci Code' series were really thrilling mysteries.
I read all of his stuff a few years ago. Hes got a lot of really good books. I also like that he takes puzzles and breaks them down to keep the reader engaged.
Good puzzles are so essential to a good read. I agree! I'll have to ask around for other good mysteries. I mostly read fantasy books myself.
Those are also an interest of mine. What was the book you finished most recently?
I'm recently re-reading Redwall by Brian Jacques! It was one of my favorites growing up. Have you ever read it?
I read those growing up too! I havent found anything similar in a bit. But I do keep my eyes open for them.
I love his writing so much! There's a bad book here and there, but I enjoy them so much. What were you favorite books growing up?
I prefered Harry Potter and political books the most. Government and politics was my main focus in school.
What an interesting combo! But there are interesting politics in Harry Potter, too. What's your feeling on today's political climate?