Hello, how are you?
Good, just doing my budget. Did you hear the new pink floyd album?
Cool. I like floyd. Is it brand new music?
Came out a few years ago. Wish I could play like gilmour! Legendary!
That's forsure. Great musician. I'm traveling to italy. Ever been?
No, but I wish I could. Would love to study the italian painters there!
Forsure. I'm actually travelling there via my teleportation device.
Say what?! Come pick me up! Did you build it yourself?
I know crazy right! But it works. Unfortunately only 1 person at a time.
Bummer. Ugh! Boss is calling! Wish I didn't have one.... And go to voicemail!
Maybe you should start your own business? That's what I've done..
Would be nice! What kind of business do you do?
So I went to Italy, it was amazing, trying to think where to go next.
How did you get to Italy? Don't tell me you used your teleportation device!
I did! But, with how vivid my imagination is, I just use the term to describe what others know as a Aeroplane. I like to use teleportation device because it gives my little boy something to be excited about when I am working away from home
Oh, I see! What was the best thing you saw in Italy?
My favourite thing, by far, was the Colosseum. I didn't realise how big it was. Where was the last place you went on holiday?
I went on a road trip to Waco, TX to see the Dr. Pepper Museum. It was well worth the trip. Probably not as impressive as Italy, but definitely up there.
I love Dr. Pepper! Did you get to sample it whilst you were there? That is enough to get me to book a trip out there with my children.
We stopped by the cafeteria at the end and got some free Dr. Pepper, yes. Or at least I think it was supposed to be free. I drank it and didn't pay for it either way. I felt it would be criminal to not get some Dr. Pepper at the museum.
Of course. Not getting it would be the equivalent of going to a swimming pool and just standing by it. You have got to get involved.
That's a great analogy. I dove into the Dr. Pepper with a beautiful swan dive. How many days did you spend in Italy?
I tend only to spend 4/5 days abroad when I am there for work. But thankfully, I managed to get to stay in Italy for 10 days because I had two things to work on whilst I was there
That's a really great vacation. Were you just in Rome or did you see other cities too?