What is your favorite food?
I love to cook healthy food. So anything healthy is usually my go to..
That's nice! I really love poached eggs!
Yummy... Do you like movies? What is your favorite movie?.
I prefer to watch the sunset over a movie, but do you like movies?
I do like movies. Being a mom I'm usually watching lots of movies with my kids.
That's cool. Are you a stay at home mom or do you also have a job?
Just a stay at home mom..
Nice, I am a plumber on the side!
I'm sure that can be a dirty job at times, just like a mom. Lol.
Ha you are right!.
Do you live in the states? I live in california..
I just saw the greatest sunset so far this year. I know you like movies more than sunsets, but I heard there are supposed to be some great sunsets this week and I figured I should let you know that there may be some great ones.
I do like movies quite a bit, but I don't mind sunsets at all. After all, there are great sunsets where I live in California. Sometimes, you'll have the entire evening sky in shades of orange and violet. It's stunning.
I bet they are gorgeous on the west coast, I hope I get to see one someday. How are your kids doing?
My kids are doing great. Speaking of sunsets, maybe we can watch sunsets together instead of movies. I imagine that'll be better for our eyes.
I bet they would love that, especially if you can find a beach. Do they like to swim?
I do. Water is quite relaxing. I find the sensation of being in water to be therapeutic. I have to say, however, that I'm not as big of a fan of the beach. Sand gets everywhere and it's hard to clean. My kids love it, though, and for that reason, I oblige.
I am with you, I do not like the sand at all but the beach is my favorite place to watch sunsets. Have you watched any good movies with your kids lateley?
Haha, "good" as in movies I like, or movies they like? We've watched a lot of movies they like for sure, or in other words, every Disney movie under the sun. Don't get me wrong, though--a good many Disney movies are excellent!
They are good, what types of movies do you prefer?
I like sloppy romance movies (which I imagine my kids would dislike). I'm also up for the occasional horror movie, but again, my kids definitely aren't interested in that.
It sounds like Disney suits them just right then! Are your kids in school?
They are, which basically means I've got a good portion of the day to myself.