Hey there. How's it going?
Good, how are you?
Doing well, killing time before I go to work..
Nice, what do you do for a living?
I'm a sales manager for a premium mattress retailer. I live at work, lol.
Lol I can relate, I work in the tech industry working on software solutions.
Nice. Any hobbies? I love music, black sabbath is my favorite.
Running half marathons, I'd like to work up to full sometime.
That's nice. I'd like to do that but I'm a workaholic. Almost out of debt..
Exercise makes work easier for me!
Lol, I love meat too much to diet and exercise..
Lol keto allows lots of meat, and what I don't eat I give to the dog.
How is the running going, do you think you'll do a full marathon next year?
I doing good with my running. I have a half marathon this summer and may try a full marathon next spring, but i don't know.
Well, you got to do what you enjoy! What's your secret for conserving your energy during your run?
The key that was told to me is to relax. Run but don't try to run. Let it come naturally.
That makes sense. Hyper focusing makes the strain feel that much more, I'm sure. Has the keto diet helped your running?
That is the problem with running long distances, your body needs carbohydrates but the Keto diet you cut out the carbs. So I am always fighting my body with the food I eat.
Totally get that. I know you only get like 20 grams a day. I want to eat less carbs myself, but don't think I could ever do full keto.
But I know I have to eat more carbs if I am going to run a full marathon. So, how is the mattress business going?
I guess I can't complain! But having so many people purchase mattresses independently online has been a challenge to business.
I still like to go to a store to buy furniture. But I guess others like buying online
Honestly, there are great options online. But I put in extra time to give my customers the best advice for what they need when they come in.
that is very important to get the right advice plus I need to feel the bed before I buy it.