Hi I am 40. How old are you?
I'm 42 and I really love horses.
Wow I have horses on some of my rental properties.
That is so cool. What's your favorite food. I love fruit.
I love salads. I make my kids eat salad all the times.
So you have a close family? I have my dad and he hardly ever smiles.
Sad. I have a sister. We love to watch movies. What's your favorite?
I like disney movies. I do happen to be related to a general from the civil war.
Me too! I like frozen. Wow which general?
Lee. However, I don't have the gas problem he had and I don't pass gas in public.
That's good to know. My salad makes me gassy.
I didn't know that salad could do that.
Definitely. With so much fiber in all the lettuce.
Ok. Now that makes sense. Not to mention possible salad dressings.
I talked with one of my horse caretakers yesterday, and they said they had time for someone to ride one of their horses for a while. I was thinking you would be interested in that, I can get you in touch with him to talk more about it.
Wow, that would be wonderful! I love horses but I don't know how to ride. Is there someone who could teach this old gal?
I think I could teach you, if not I could put you in touch with someone who could. Does that interest you?
I would love for you to teach me! It would be a good excuse for us to finally hang out. What do you think?
I am definitely down for that! Although one of my horses can get a little wild, is that okay?
Hmmm maybe you can ride that one! Is it a big property? You must be rich!
I am well off, I have a few rental properties that have horses on them, my main property is quite big without a doubt! So I got to know, what are your favorite disney movies?
Wow, good for you! I would say my favorites have to be The Lion King, and Aladdin. How about yourself?
I love the lion king! Such a classic did you see the non-animated version? And I am a huge Frozen fan. sometimes you just go to "Let it go!"
I haven't had a chance to watch the live action version of the Lion King, is it good? I do like Frozen, I love how it is a story about sisters and their love for each other.
The live action version is very good, but I must say I will always have a soft spot in my heart for the animated version.
Yes, nothing beats the classics! What other movies do you enjoy besides Disney?