Nice to meet you! How are you today?
I'm good thank you. How are you?
Okay, my beetle is in the shop with some engine issues. Anything interesting going on?
Not must just going to take my three dogs for a walk.
They must be a handful! Do you include your dogs in any of your hobbies?
Not really just enjoy walking them.
Favorite foods? Personally I love italian, my grandmother from italy, makes the most amazing spaghetti..
I like any thing spicy really but I do enjoy italian..
What is your favorite dish that is spicy?
Fajitas or anything mexican. Do you have a job? I am a grad student.
I am between jobs right now, unfortunately. What do you do for work?
I go to university but I have a part time job in a music shop.
What are your dog's name and breeds?
I have two Great Danes named Milos and Dante, and then a corgie named Buster. Do you have any dogs?
no not yet but i do want one. Are Great Danes good dogs to have?
They're really great dogs and I love mine, but their size can be a challenge, and they cost a lot because of how much they eat. I feel mighty safe when I walk them though.
yes i seen a couple of them and they are pretty big but they are cute. I may get a smaller dog though. not sure yet. Have you ever had a little dog? the ones that dont get real big
Corgies are pretty small. But I've not had anything really tiny like a chihuahua or anything like that. They're definitely easier to take care of (usually), but I find something particularly attractive about big dogs.
I will just have to look around some more because i just not sure what kind i really want. I see you love Mexican food so do i. I love me some authentic Mexican. What's your fav. Mexican dish?
Other than fajitas I really like chimichangas, but I usually load mine up with hot sauce and jalapenos to up the spice level. How about you?
I love a good taco. and i loved mines with jalapenos
Yes, tacos are a good fail-safe at most Mexican restaurants. Do you like chicken, beef, shrimp, or what as your taco filling?
I like all them but i usually do chicken. sometime i put them all together. What about you?
Yes, I've done a sea-land-and-air taco once, with beef, chicken, and shrimp. It's not my preferred way to eat tacos, but it was good. Normally I do chicken as well, but beef is a close second. Always with extra hot sauce.