Hi!
Hello! How are you doing?
Pretty good. Happy to be halfway through the work week! How are you?.
Surviving. What do you do for work?
I'm a car salesman. It can be pretty exhausting. How about you?
I work on computers. I sit so long working my backside hurts.
Desk jobs can be strenuous! I like to make an effort to get outside on the weekends.
Music helps me get through the day. I like just about everything. What music do you like?
I love 5 finger death punch, they're awesome. Do you have a favorite band?
Between the buried and me is pretty swell.
I also love reading murder mystery novels. Are you a reader?
I am. I like getting outside too and riding my bike. I read while I ride.
That sounds dangerous! I love being outside too. I garden when the weather is nice.
It's an extreme sport in china. I can't compete because I eat meat though.
Guess what? I sold six cars since I spoke to you earlier! It is a banner day for me! I am celebrating with a little 5 finger air guitar.
Heck yeah! That's awesome! I bet you're gonna celebrate this weekend!
Of course I am, you bet! I managed to get tickets to a concert so I will celebrate there. Woohoo!
How awesome! Is it FFDP?
No actually, it is my mates band called "The Buckaroos" - they are real crazy. Their outfits are similar to those of Slipknots, if you have heard of them.
I love Slipknot! That sounds like a really fun time.
Do you really? Have you ever seen them live? Please tell me you have!
Yep! I've seen them four or five times live actually. They're one of my favorite bands.
I am so jealous. I only managed to see them once. Are you aware of the music video for which on of their fans gave them, and hundreds of others, permission to destroy their house for it?
Haha, yeah! I remember reading about that.
The song is "Duality", if you had forgotten which one it was. I am going to watch the video later on again. It is a great song with a great music video
I was thinking it was one of their older songs. Hard to believe I used to listen to them in high school and still do today.