Hey! I was just listening to sublime. Ska is awesome!
I love sublime! What do you do for a living?
I'm a doctor's assistant. What about you?
I'm unemployed at the moment while I'm in college.
Ah, what college? I miss my college days!
The one in my home town because my mother runs it.
Ah, good deal. What are you studying?
Coaching classes because I play soccer.
Nice. I've never been much for sports. Unless you consider fishing a sport!
I do. So, any brothers or sisters? I'm an only child.
Same here. Wish I had a brother to fish with growing up though.
Me too. Well, is there anything else you can tell me about yourself?
I love the ocean. Just bought a condo near the beach. Party central!
Right on! I've been partying at the dorms.
I've been listening to a lot more Sublime over the last week. What's your favorite song that they wrote?
I love so many of their songs, it's hard to pick a favorite. Santeria is a good one though, have you heard it?
Is that the one about wine? or am I thinking of a different song.
I could be wrong, but I believe you are thinking of a different one. Do you ever go out to the beach and listen to Sublime?
No, when I'm on the beach I like to just listen to the waves. It's very soothing. Where do you usually listen to their music?
Usually when I am doing my studying for college. It helps me relax and focus on my studies. It even helped me get through my finals this past month.
That's better than having to ask your mom for help! So did you do well on your finals?
I did very well thank you for asking. I have my music to thank for that, really helped me absorb the knowledge from my studying.
I understand that. WHen I was studying to be a doctor's assistant, I used to put on Baroque music.
Did you find that it helped you, and how is your job as a doctor's assistant going?
Yes, it has the same beat as a human heart at rest so it helps to keep from getting stressed. It's going pretty well my boss is really funny.
That is great. Do you still listen to Baroque music at your job or not as much anymore?