Hello! How are you today?
I'm great, thanks! How are you? It's so unseasonably warm today I am going outside to play basketball!
I am well, thanks for asking! It's beautiful out today. Basketball sounds fun!.
I'm short so I'm not very good but I like it! What are your plans today?
I bet you're good at it, though. I think I may go tend to my garden!
Gardens are fun. I like working outside, too. What do you grow?
Right now I am working on growing peppers, tomatos, and some herbs!
Yum! My dad drives a truck usually filled with garden supplies!
Oh wild. I'm a car salesman so if he ever needs a new vehicle let me know!
They need winter trucks because they are from canada! Live up there?
Oh, I do not, but I'd still be glad to help out in anyway I can. :).
Thanks. I work outside for my job, would be cool to sell cars..
So what kind of job do you have that keeps you outside?
I'm a dog walker! I like being able to exercise and make money at the same time haha.
Not to mention that you are able to spend a lot of time with dogs at the same time. That must be amazing!
It's a good part time job for now! I usually walk the same dogs everyday and have gotten to adore them. I pass by your place sometimes and the garden is looking beautiful.
Which is your favourite breed of dog? Yeah, my wife has been spending a lot of time in the garden fixing it up due to the nice weather.
I think huskies and german shepards are so handsome! Maybe your wife could show me how to garden sometime? I'd love to try it out.
I am sure she would be up for doing that. She absolutely loves it. Are you passing by any time soon?
I can come by tomorrow morning! Which breed is your wife's favorite? I'll try to bring that dog along with me!
Definitely huskies, she has been wanting to get one for ages. But because we aren't home during the day, it isnt fair to leave them by themselves
Yeah, huskies need so much exercise. I don't think they were meant for warm weather either!
I mean, I guess they aren't but because of the fact dogs have become pets, I think through evolution, they don't mind the normal weather of day to day life
That's true, I can't wait to come by tomorrow and see the garden!