Hi there do you like to learn martial arts?
Nah, I prefer scuba diving. It reminds me of water snakes. I love snakes.
I ate snake one time and I was allergic. I'm allergic to snakes and dairy.
Sounds rough. I was a marine and back in nam'we had to eat lizards.
Oh wow. I teach martial arts to marines. Specifically jiu-jitsu.
Just got divorced. Can you teach me some jiujitsu to show her bf whos boss.
Absolutely but it's a part time job as I am currently in college.
I see, I'm on vacation in hawaii, this is my third time. I hate school.
I'm jealous! I'll be in college taking summer courses so no hawaii for me.
What do you plan on getting your degree in?
An allergist. I love milk and want to find a way to drink it.
Good choice! Maybe you can solve your snake issue too!
I was talking with my boss a while ago regarding the martial arts class I was teaching, and they mentioned the class will continue in the summer. If your interested, I can help you enroll so you can learn jiu-jitsu this summer.
Omg that would be perfect thank you so much. Just let me know the details of what you need from me and i will do i ASAP.
Absolutely! Maybe you could get me into scuba diving, too!
Yes of course. That would be such great fun. The next time I go I will for sure invite you. I think you will love it.
Where's the best place in the world for scuba diving, in your opinion?
Honestly my all time favorite place that i have done Scuba Diving has to be in Bora Bora. It was a beautiful experience.
Oh wow! Did you fly there, or did you sail out there? A friend of mine once did Tahiti and Bora Bora on a yachting adventure!
I flew there. But oh my next time i defiantly have to do a yachting adventure that must of been quite the experience.
It sounded like an incredible time. One day when I win the lottery, I'm there lol.
Yeah it must be quite an expensive adventure, but one i for sure need to look into.
Are you retired now? I'm guessing you're living a pretty comfortable life these days!
Yes i am retired now. I am a veteran so its now my time to relax and just enjoy life. Currently i am in Hawaii and this place is incredible.