Do you like music?
Yes, you could say it is a great source of joy for me.
Do you have a favorite genre? I enjoy country music.
Everything really, I compose as well as listening to it. Have you been to a concert?
Wow that's awesome. I've been to a randy travis concert before.
That's great. Did you go alone or with friends?
I went with friends. It was pretty fun. Have you went to any?
Nice, hope you had a good time. Not recently, have been trying to not spent that much.
I get that I love online shopping but gotta to be careful not get carried away!
Haha, what do you usually buy? Are you working at least?
Stuff for my kids and knick knacks. I'm not working currently so I'm scaling back.
How many kids do you have?.
I've decided to start looking for work to pay for my shopping addiction.
Omg i should do the same thing i cant help but keep spending way too much. What sort of job are you looking for?
Somthing at a call center or doing data entry. I think working retail would defeat the purpose of me getting a job.
But maybe they will give you discount if you work in retail at least that way you wouldn't have to spend so much. But yeah something in data entry seems to be a good choice.
That is what I am afraid of. Store employee discounts Hahah. With Call center and Data Entry I can do it remotely from home and that would be best since I have school age children.
Yes it is very hard to find a good job that can work around children. But that sound like it would be perfect. Most at home jobs are super flexible when it come to what hours you work.
Exactly. It is why I am not currently working and the cost of proper Day care these days is ridiculous.
Exactly kinda of no point in working as you literally working to pay them to watch your kids and basically have no income left over.
Yup. My brother and sister in law had to pay so much for Daycare that it was actually going to save them money if my SIL quit her job and stayed home with the kids.
You would think they would help out with people that actually wanted to work. Oh well the system is just a little behind logic i guess.
I agree. I just got an email saying I got the Remote Data entry job. YAY go me.
OMG. Congratulations you deserve it. Hope you celebrate.