Hello how are you doing today?
Very well thank you. How are you?
Going to head out soon to play some baseball. I really like the game.
I love baseball too. So does my son. We play every chance we get.
After our game, we plan to head out to a nice seafood restaurant. I love lobster.
I do not eat any kinds of meat but my son like lobster and crab.
Do you speak any other languages? I enjoy learning them.
Not fluently. I speak a little bit of german because my mom was born in germany.
I am currently going to school to get my degree in marketing and talking french at night.
Good luck with your degree! French is probably more useful than german:).
I hope to design ads for local non profit companies.
That is a great goal!!! Is it similar to volunteering?
I've maybe got some work experience lined up to help a local start-up company with their marketing.
Oh that sounds awesome, what kind of ideas do you have up your sleeve for their marketing program?
First, they need to improve their online presence. They don't even have a single social media page!
Ouch! It is hard to get ahead in today's business landscape when you are not even on social media. What school are you goiing to to get your marketing degree?
Just the local community college. They've got a really flexible program, and they also have good contacts with local companies.
Smart move, you get a similar education to those big public universities and you save yourself a lot of money in the long run.
Exactly. I'd like to get out of the rent trap and buy my own place, and this has definitely helped me save up some money!
Without a doubt, you mentioned earlier you like lobster too, maybe eating less of that will help you get out of the rent trap as well haha.
Lol yes, it's expensive! I'm guessing you have your own house?
I do, it is not currently paid off yet, still have a mortgage but getting close!
Congratulations! That's a huge achievement! Do you have any tips as to how I might go about shopping for a house?
Just be patient, you'll never find exactly what you want on the first try, keep an open mind to all locations as well.