Hi, how are you today?
Good day!! Im great. How are you?
Yes good thank you. I've been busy today.
Working? I just returned from nyc. We went to see the graffiti.
Wow that sound really interesting. I love art I'm learning to do oil paintings.
That is cool!! I got my fifth tattoo there. I wish I could paint.
I'm not very good yet but im getting better. What is your tattoo of?
It is of a small tiger head. Do you have any?
I have my wife's name with a rose.
That is nice!! I own my mom's coffee shop now. My tattoos have to be tasteful.
I help my mom a lot as she has not been very well.
I'm sorry, I hope she gets better..
She is much better at the moment. I just like helping. Do you have a job?
Coffee shop. Been nice chatting with you. Take care.
Are you hiring at your mother's coffee shop? I have a friend looking for a job.
I'm not sure if she is hiring right now but i will ask and get back to you
That would be great. This friend of mine could really use a job and is very responsible and personable. They're also very presentable. But obviously if you're not hiring then you're not hiring.
it always good to have great people working so i will for sure ask and get back with you asap.
Okay, that sounds good. I was wondering what your other four tattoos are of?
One is my mom name, then i have one of flower with a rose. The other two is an awareness ribbons. Do you have more than one tattoo? Do you want more?
No, I just have the one of my wife's name and a rose. If I get divorced I guess I'll have to get it removed. For now I don't think I'll add any. Do you have an idea or desire for a sixth?
yeah you can always get it removed are covered up.I do want another one day but not sure yet. I usually let my tattoo ideas come to me.
How old were you when you got your first tattoo?
I was 21 years old when i got my first now i can't seem to stop
Yes, they do say that tattoos can be addictive. Do you think you're actually addicted to it?
no i believe i can stop at anytime i jut don't want to. it's the way i like to express myself