Ey, just a normal straight edge highschooler here.
Hey, me, too, but I am already working really hard ahead of college next year.
I see, same! I'm going to college and have gotten straight a's. Hard though.
Yes, and my night job cooking hamburgers at a diner makes it tougher.
I dont have a job but I run a lot. Burgers after a run are good.
No time for sports for me, weekends feeding lab rats at a research lab!
Weekends are just listening to music for me. Its like meditiation.
The closest I get to meditation is gorging on ice cream after hours at the diner!
Nice! I need it to stay sane. Parents dont support school. Blue collar workers.
Wish I had parents, just me and deaf doggie. He's why I'm interested in neuroscience.
Aw, thats sad. My dads a steel worker. He works long hours in factories.
Hard work makes it in life! Good lesson for you, for us both.
Does your deaf dog know any tricks? How do you communicate with your dog?
My dog isn't able to do any tricks. I mostly tell him he's being a good boy by patting his head. It really comes down to physical affection with him.
You must be a great dog owner. I would love to get a dog, what breed is yours and what is his name?
He is a sweet little beagle named Sparky.
How cute! Have you ever had any other pets? I once had a hamster named Leonardo.
That sounds cute. I had another dog named Paco when I was a lot younger. I bet that your dog would enjoy running with you if you got one.
Yes, that is a great idea. I know border collies like to run, well they like to chase sheep anyway. Maybe that would be a good breed to get.
Yeah, I think so too. It's really great for them to get a lot of exercise. I wish I had more time to take my dog outside.
Yes, you seem really busy. Maybe I can come take your dog for a walk sometimes to see if I am fit for the responsibility of a dog while also helping you out at the same time.
I think that would be a great idea. Sparky would really love to have the company!
Sounds like a plan! Maybe afterwards I can stop by the diner and try these famous hamburgers you make!
Haha, well they are pretty great. Just be careful, because you might get addicted to them!