I wish I wasn't divorced. It's hard raising one child..
I can imagine it would be im not married but my girlfriend has 2 kids.
Life is so hard in the united states. I immigrated from britain last year.
I hope that your life gets better here in america.
I'm sure it will over time. I'm a metal worker, what's your profession?.
I do this on mtrurk,landscaping,sales,envelope stuffing,painting,all kinds of things.
Very nice! What type of paintings do you create?.
Lol,i do like painting in aprtments and buildings that sort of painting,i do waterpainting as well though.
Haha my mistake. That's great, sounds like you're the jack of all trades.
Yeah funny you mention that I work with my freind who owns john of all trades.
Hopefully it's not too hot doing all that landscapping work. I know the summers can be dreadful.
Yeah I dont mind though ive become intolerant of the winter I used to love it.
Living in florida is so much different to britain. The winters were so bitter..
Oh I can imagine,so how do you like america?
Today was the hottest day I've ever experienced here in Florida!
So do you enjoy the heat more than the cold in Britain?
Haha it's an adjustment, but overall I'd call it an improvement! When are you moving here?
Oh I'm moving down in two years. I can't wait for the beautiful summers.
You'll love it! Have you scoped out a particular city or region in Florida?
Southern Florida looks like fun, but anywhere on the east coast looks lovely. What area are you in?
I'm near Sarasota, on the gulf coast. I've found that the vibe is much more relaxed on the gulf than on the Atlantic.
Oh is that so? Is there a lot of fun things to do or places to go?
Totally! There's something for everyone, though it's geared toward a more mature crowd. Lots of arts and cultural stuff, but also gorgeous, tranquil beaches and classy restaurants.
Oh that sounds wonderful. Any places or activities you like to do with your daughter in particular?
I enjoy taking her to the museums around here. It's so educational for her!
That sounds perfect. I love all kinds of art and I would like that kind of atmosphere