Hello, how are you doing today?
Not too bad, how are you?
Not too shabby. Whats your favorite food?
Have you ever heard of cornish pastys? I really like those!
No I haven't. I'll have to check into it. I favor seafood mainly.
I like seafood too. Do you like walking on the beach?
Beaches, hiking, learning new languages.
How many languages do you speak?
4 fluently. Hoping it will be useful for my marketing degree.
I am fluent in spanish and english. Are you still in high school?
No. I currently am in college finishing up my masters degree.
Oh cool, guess what I'm doing next week?
I have been very busy during the last week as I had to prepare myself for final exams. I just took the last one this morning and now I have one week ahead of me to take some deep breath from everything. The weather is very nice. I bet there will be a huge crowd coming to the beach this weekend to take a sun shower. How interested are you for a morning walk on the beach this weekend? After that we can have the lunch at the great seafood restaurant that has been recently opened by the beach. What do you think?
I would love to walk on the beach this weekend! The weather is supposed to be great. Lunch at that restaurant sounds great, too.
Wonderful! Do you like oysters? I think they have a special on them, depending on what time you go.
I love oysters. That would be wonderful! You are really good at planning outtings. Do you go out much?
Not lately, as school has been really hectic. On top of that, I'm trying to keep my spending at bay, though I do love to splurge on oysters once in a while!
That makes a lot of sense. I love going out, but I've been spending a lot of time inside lately, catching up on movies and reading.
Do you have a busy work schedule? I'm curious as to what you do!
I guess I have a pretty regular schedule. I work in an office. It's not too exciting, but it pays the bills. haha
That's always a good thing! I'm trying to mentally prepare for being in an office. I'm ready to be done with school, but I suppose the grass is always greener haha.
Yeah, it's just a different kind of busy. haha The most important things are just do your job as best you can and keep out of coworker drama.
How long have you been at your current company?
A couple years now. It's a pretty good company. I'm hoping to try for a higher position maybe next year.