Hi there I'm a single male, what about you?
I am grilling steaks in my new house as we speak. You sing?.
No, I don't sing though I enjoy the outdoors and I like to read.
Great! I have two dogs who love hot dogs too. You dance?
No I'm not a dancer either, maybe that's why I'm still single.
Funny! I police the mall near my home. You work?
I'm working on staying single and not marrying.
I see. I need new furniture for my unfinished house. Any ideas?
Do you have children, I don't and maybe that should be considered regarding furniture choices.
No children here. I have two dogs who love steaks like me. You paint?
I don't paint, but I do love dogs.
Great! Bet you love grilling dog steaks like me too. Just kidding.
So how long have you been in your new house now?
About 3 days now! I've been trying to shop for furniture and other items, especially for my dogs.
Is it a spacious house? How many rooms? Are the dogs adjusting well to their new home?
There's lots of space for the dogs and they love it here! They have plenty of rooms to explore and hangout in.
What are you going to do with all that space? An entertainment room? A workout room? A library?
I'm gonna make a room just for my dogs! You are welcome to come and help decorate or play with my dogs!
Oh, I will. Does next Saturday work for you, say about 10 in the morning? I know what I would do: I'm being crowded out of my apartment by all the books. It would have to be a library room for me.
That sounds great, I can't wait to see you! Haha I can't imagine having that many books around. My dogs would chew them up.
I love dogs, but that's why I don't have any! I would be knee-deep in shredded literature!
When you get a new place you could always make that library room you wanted and keep the door closed!
Yep, and when I buy a home, that's what I'll do. But in the apartment it's just one big room. Dogs and books could not co-exist peacefully! For the moment, give me a nice, quiet pussycat!
Haha a cat would be great for an apartment. Much easier to care for than dogs.