Just got up and ready for the day. How are you today?
Pretty good. You?.
Not bad. Trying to get motivated.
I know how feel. Coffee lots of coffee.
Sometimes it still seems like it's not enough.
True there. But I am an entrepreneur so it is easier for me I guess.
That's awesome. Nothing extraordinary over here. Except maybe my hair, with it being bright red.
Lucky you!! Mine is just a plain brown.
Sometimes wish it was plain, lots of questions asking if it's natural.
True. People are mean sometimes. What do you like to do?
Biking and hiking are two favorites. How about you?
I like going to the ocean with my dog (a.k.a. My best friend) :).
What kind of dog is it that you have?
She's a cocker spaniel named Susie. She's fantastic and I love her.
Aww she sounds so sweet! How old is she?
About five years old. She's very friendly and smart. When it's time for walks, she gets her leash and brings it over. haha
That's adorable! What part of the country are you in? Is it easy to walk her year-round?
I live in the northeast, but I travel a lot. She's not a fan of the cold, but when I can travel to warmer areas, she comes with me. Do you have any pets?
I've been thinking about getting a dog, but I have so much trouble making up my mind on what kind to get! What suggestions do you have?
Well, it depends a lot on what you have in mind. When looking for a pet, think about things like: Will you have time to take care of them? If you have to travel, can they come with or do you have someone to look in on them? Do you want a quiet pet? Do you want a pet to play with? etc., etc. There's a lot to think about. I got my girl because she's easy to travel with and very friendly.
I should probably think about getting a smaller breed, in all honesty. Have you ever owned a large dog?
I have. My family had a golden retriever when I was young. He was a great dog. He's play with us out in the yard and go with us on walks around the block. He didn't like to be cooped up indoors, though. It's a good things we were very active kids. haha