My father was a farmer when I was a boy, and my two older brothers helped on the farm.
My father was a hunter and has passed down hunting to me. I enjoy going hunting any chance I get. What was your favorite thing on the farm?.
I loved playing in the grain silo (carefully) with my brothers noah and tasha.
Oh my.. That sounds like it could be dangerous.
Tasha always made sure the grain couldn't fall on us!
I see. Did you have a favorite animal on the farm?.
My cat sonny was a favorite. He is still alive.
Aww that's really cute. I love cats too.
He might come visit me in kansas city where I just moved.
How is the weather in kansas city?.
It's still cold here but the spring flowers are beginning to bud.
Same here in pennsylvania. I cannot wait for it to be warm all the time..
Are you planning on going hunting anytime soon?
I will once it warms up a little bit. In the meantime, I will stay home with my cat and watch some tv.
Cool. Sonny and I like to watch tv too. So, what kind of hunting are you planning to do when it gets warmer?
Probably deer, that's the animal my dad taught me to hunt the most. Have you ever been hunting for deer?
No, I've always been too busy with the farm and all to do something like that. Do you eat the meat you get?
Yes I do, and my whole family enjoys. This is why I am so sad that the weather here is not suitable for hunting conditions. Does farming take all your time?
It really does. I mean, you get up before sunrise to work and you work all day past sunset. You can't take a day off because the crops always need tending to. That's cool that your whole family likes it! By the way, have you ever had a deer mounted or stuffed?
I have not, my family finds that a little scary! And I never realized how much work you needed to do, is it worth it?
I wouldn't know. I just wondered if you had because i've seen it on tv shows and stuff. Speaking of tv shows, what do you watch with your cat?
We don't watch anything specific right now, we just surf through Netflix and sees what appeals to us.
Same here. Have you thought about getting another cat? I knock the idea around every now and then but haven't yet.
I have considered it, but I know it will be a lot of work. This one takes a lot of time as it is.