Hi.
Hello, I am about to take a lunch break and eat french fries.
I just finished my lunch I had a burger from chikfella and a chocolate milkshake.
Yum, what do you do for work? I am on work trip right now.
I work for jnj. Anything planned for the weeked?
Cool, yes I am going fishing how about you?
I am going snowboarding should be fun.
Wow, I have never been snowboarding before.
Try it sometime. What kind of car do you drive?
I don't live close to any mountians, I drive a suv because I have a family.
I am buying a new car, any recommendations?
Honda's are very reliable.
Yes honda is good I have a good deal on a nissan altima 2012 for 6k.
Wow that is a good deal! I would take that.
I bought that Nissan, it feels nice to have a clean car that works again!
That's great! Is it a new car? f you don't mind me asking, how much did you spend?
It is. It was a steal for 20,000. What did you spend on your Suv?
Oh, man, I almost don't wanna tell you... 48K. It's huge! I love to camp and fish for a week at a time, so it's the right size for me....
Wow! What kind is it? Have you camped with it before?
I bought it a couple of years back, and I take it out two or three times a year, depending upon how much time I can take off work. I camp in a big tent for the family, but the SUV is roomy enough we can stay in there if we want....
That makes sense. Do you have a different car that you drive more regularly? I'm not a huge camper myself.
I see I didn't tell you what it is: a Ford Expedition. I have a Toyota Corolla for in-city driving. For me and the family, we *have* to get out in nature at least twice a year. I just wish we lived closer to mountains, because there's nothing like trout fishing in mountain streams!
I lived near the mountains but never got used to driving in them. I need lessons for that. I always made my friends drive on snowboarding trips.
I got over my fear of driving in the mountains after doing Going-to-the-Sun Road in Glacier several times in the late-'90s. I wish I knew how to snowboard.
It definitely can be harder to learn as an adult. Do you ski instead?
No, just camp, fish, and hike in the hills, no real mountains. Sometimes we take the bikes and ride the foot paths.