Hi, tracy here. I love people and fast cars. You sing?
Hi tracy. Amanda here. I enjoy going to the gym alongside my vegan diet.
I see. I love being helpful and I paint art. Are you an artist?
I don't sing, but love art. My lawyer husband is an artist as well.
Get out! I am a paralegal. I love helping people too. You bake?
Whoa! Funny you say that, my jeep is loaded with baked goods right now!
Great! I would love to paint that picture. You dance?
If you call zumba dancing! Lol! What is your favorite vacations spot?
Niagra falls. It is an artist paradise. You like to travel?
I love traveling, especially to the mountains. They are a good workout!
Me too! I like fast cars and new people. Nice to meet you.
You as well. I love vehicles that can tackle rough terrain, like my jeep wrangler.
What kind of things do you bake as a vegan?
My favorite has to be a version of a vegan pizza. That is the food I miss the most!! Are you vegan too?
No, but my best friend is trying to become one. She is a vegetarian, but being a vegan can be so hard when you love cheese. Lol I always make a delicious roasted veggie dish to bring to her house for parties. Do you find cutting out cheese a challenge too?
Very much so, all dairy in general! But it does get easier after you figure out what good substitutes you can enjoy. I feel lucky that there are so many choices out there now. Do you have any trips coming up this summer?
I hope to travel to the smokey mountains soon. It is one of my favorite places on Earth. Have you ever been there? It's so peaceful and being up so high just surrounded by trees is magical!
I went there when I was very young actually! My only memories are of dollywood and the long, winding roads!! I'm sure now going as an adult I would have a much more rich experience. That would be a great place to bring the Jeep now that I think of it!
Oh yeah. The last time I visited we rented a 4 wheel drive and it was worth it. We were climbing the mountains to reach our chalet. It was so wild heading up the side of a mountain, looking over the side. Yikes! When I was there we didn't head to Dollywood, but we were close to it. Where in the mountains do you hike when you do?
That sounds like a perfect time for you. When I'm hiking, the steeper the mountain, the better!! I like to take day trips where I know I'll be out for about 8 hours or so. They are very tough to do, but if you're prepared it becomes a very rewarding experience!!
Wow. That sounds like an amazing day trip for sure. I'm not sure I have the stamina for such an intense hiking experience. Have you ever ran into any trouble while hiking?
There was one time where I got lost as it was starting to get dark out...I bring my tent and supplies to sleep overnight so I was prepared to sleep out there if I had to but luckily I ran into a couple just about when I was ready to give up!! I don't know how I'd handle seeing a bear or something like that out by myself.
I'm so glad you didn't cross paths with anything scary like that! I don't know what I'd do if a bear crossed my path either. I've been pretty lucky to never have one near our cabin in the Mountains either. They always warn us about them though, so we are prepared. Do you have a pretty big tent you use? Or an individual one?
Its just an individual tent that is VERY small. I just bring a backpack so everything has to be as small as possible. Luckily I have not had to use it yet!! Do you paint when you're in the mountains too?