Hello. How are you?
I am doing well. What have you been up to today?
I've been at my desk this morning, working on programming.
Neat. Have you been programming long?
For a few years - since moving here from alaska.
Sounds nice to have the freedom to move around like that.
What do you do for fun?
I mainly just watch movies with my kids.
That sounds nice. I'm looking forward to going for a long run after work.
Oh, sounds like you are a health nut!
Not entirely. I will often follow a long run with a big steak!
I am too old to be living that sort of life. Just turned 40!
I don't think 40 is old.
My sister tells me the same thing.
So what kind of movies do you usually watch?
Lots of different things. I used to teach Film Studies with a creative arts conservatory, so I chose what I watch carefully. I mostly follow the films of directors I like...
Do you have any particular favorite genres?
I like suspense films, action, SF, horror, westerns, drama, an occasional good comedy....
That's cool! Do you like to watch any movies with your kids?
When the kids were young, they got Disney and Pixar of course, but I also let them watch older films, like the screwball comedies from the '30s and '40s. They just love them. They also have a good idea about film history too, something most kids don't have these days....
Oh that's wonderful that you can have a nice family activity together. Are you close with your sister?
Not really. Once our parents passed away, we've grown apart. She's 10 years older than I am and isn't really all that interested in being an aunt to the kids.
That's a shame..but sometimes two people are just too different. Is there anything you like to do for fun alone?
Read, play music, watch movies. I like to hike too. It's really the only exercise I get.
Cool, I used to also hike in my free time when I was living in Alaska.
Alaska! I've always wanted to visit that state and spend some time in the wilderness there, but I'm a little concerned about the grizzly population.