How have you been?!
Im good, how are you doing?
I'm great! Moving this month to my favorite area!
Sounds amazing. Laying in bed sick grading papers, I teach english to high school students.
Is it just a cold, or something worse?!
It is a cold. I went for a walk in the rain at the park yesterday.
Ah, I know school can be strict on absences. Mine was.
I bet, I was always absence when I was in school.
My dad was headmaster, so I couldn't get away with it.
Yikes, that doesn't sound fun. Do you have any hobbies?
Just watching the bears and eating deep dish pizza! Yourself?
That sounds like fun. I volunteer at a soup kitchen every two weeks.
A teacher and a volunteer! Gosh, my older siblings are right about me...
When I'm not volunteering I work on sketching landscape scenery.
How do you like teaching high school students?
I love it. It can be frustrating but always worth it.Plus got to love summers off. Did your dad like working with kids?
He did, but he was very strict. He would say he was helping develop the leaders of tomorrow.
What was like having him at school with you? Did kids give you a hard time?
haha Yes, they very much did. They would say my good grades were because of my dad, not my hard work. I think my dad gave me the hardest time, though. It was tough because he could look at my grades and talk to my teachers.
I imagine you never got to get away with anything. How is your move going?
It's pretty good! I've gotten some things boxed, but most things sorted. A couple friends are coming over this weekend. We're going to grab some pizza and make a day of it. You're welcome to come, if you want.
Haha Moving is my least favorite activity. I'm so bad about packing it makes me anxious. I'd probably be more of a hassle then helpful
That's okay! So, what are your plans for this weekend? Anything exciting?
This is my weekend for volunteering at the soup kitchen.
That's very cool! I've always wanted to do that. Maybe I can join you sometime after this move gets sorted.
Yea! Any time you can join everyone would appreciate it. Do you cook at all?