Hello, I just got done working out at the gym. What are you doing?
Getting ready to take my dogs bounty and snickers to the park for a run.
Cute! I wish I owned dogs. That sounds like fun.
I love dogs. Being an only child they were my family growing up.
Awe, my husband and I work to much and can't have pets.
I understand. Where did you go to school?.
I went to school in texas, for nutrition..
I studied art history in france and spain.
Cool, that was probably a great experience.
Yeah, I was a navy brat so I got to travel quite a bit..
Cool, where else have you lived?
Kuwait, hawaii, california, and florida.
I like to travel too, but only where my jeep wrangler will take me.
I'd love a jeep. Right now I use mass transit to get around.
How did living in Kuwait compare to living in the more "western" areas?
The biggest difference would be having to learn a new language. However, I was able to adjust. Have you ever learned a new language?
I learned a lot of Spanish, believe it or not, when I lived in Texas! Since its so close to the border you easily can pick up on it. Although I do want to go to Italy this summer and thought it would be fun to learn a little before I do that. Do you have any vacations coming up?
Yes, I am planning a trip to Japan in the summer. With all my traveling, it's surprising that I have never been to Asia before!
Wow well that sounds like a bucket list trip! Will you be visiting any art museums while you're there?
Yes, I have a few planned that I am going to see. When you travel, do you visit art museums?
Not typically! I tend to stick to outdoor adventures. Last time I visited Mexico we went offroading on 4 wheelers, that is more what I love to do! How are your dogs doing?
They are doing great, and I can tell they are looking forward to a good vacation. Will you be getting a dog soon or do you not have the time?
I didn't know your dogs traveled with you, how cool! Between traveling and work, we decided not to get a dog. We are looking into getting a cat though, they seem a little bit easier to take care of! Sounds like they don't want you around most of the day anyhow, haha! Have you ever had a cat?
I have actually not had a cat. I feel like they would not get along well with my dogs, so I'll probably just stay a dog person.
I feel like I don't meet many cat people! They definitely are not as friendly as dogs are, that's for sure. That sounds like a good idea, don't mess up a good thing!
That is the goal! But I do know that cats are very lovable, and I'm sure it will be perfect for you!