Hi how are u today?
I am good. Getting ready to pick my son up from school. How about you?
Not bad just finished class awhile ago.
Are you in college? I am thinking of going back to school.
Yes currently. If my dad wasnt a famous musician I wouldnt be able to afford it.
Oh what band is your dad in?
He does the piano for the san fransisco phil symphony.
That's awesome. I used to go to the symphony when I was a kid in britain.
Do u like music? I love paramore.
I do like music. Mainly classic and alternative rock.
Do u have siblings? I have a sister who teaches.
Yes my sister is back in england. I moved to the us 10 years ago.
Do you have any pets? I have a bunch.
I have one dog. What type of pets do you have?
How did you enjoy living in England compared to the states?
Oh it's a big cultural shock, but I like it a lot. How do you like San Francisco?
When I go visit my dad, I do like to go to the big bridge. I do prefer to stay near my dorm though. It is so hard to be away from my fur babies.
What kind of course are you taking?
Equine science. I am thinking about going to vet school or else maybe studying more about cattle ranching
So cool! I hope you fulfill those wishes. So are you an animal person?
Oh yeah. I am way into all animals. I have studied some marine biology when I was on summer in high school, and got to do some scuba diving. But When I got out of HS, I decided I wanted to work with horses. Especially since my dog was bred to be a cattle animal.
That sounds like the perfect work for you then! How many pets do you have?
I have a dog, twin calico cats, a aquarium that is full of different creatures from the deep, a family of rats, a chipmunk, two parakeets and an ant farm. What about you? You ever had pets?
Holy cow! You've got a whole zoo. I've got one dog, his name is Hank. I love him to death.
Oh yeah, I meant besides him lol. I would love to hear about any other pets you have ever had. I don't quite have a zoo. I did let the owl go, and I rehomed my lizards. I do plan on getting a snake before too long.
A snake?? That's cool. I also have five cats, but they're just strays that I feed outside.