It's a great time of the year to get to the beach, don't you agree?
I do! I like to be outside. Running on the beach is fun.
I run after my grandkids! That's about all the exercise I get. What about you?
I run as much as I can. I try to get out 5 times each week.
I bet you're in great shape. I need to watch my weight after discovering mediterranean food! Yum.
Yes I like mediterranean food. I try to stick to a high protein diet.
Do you like to work out to music too?
Not while working out. But I do listen to sufjan stevens quite a bit.
Cool, I'm still into the oldies like styx and journey. I'll see journey this fall!
Neat! That music is too rocking for me. I am a tax accountant...boring!
Oh my, that's hard work in the spring. Fall is the best time to be free.
I just moved to a new apartment and trying to get settled.
Are you married or single?
Married, no kids. How about you?
Are you planning on having kids after you're settled?
I am still undecided, I don't know if I'll ever settle.
Being a parent is definitely a tough job. However, now that I am a grandparent, that is the most fun job in the world! My grandkids bring me such joy, but I don't have to do any of the hard stuff like changing diapers or disciplining them!
Haha you make such a great point, i am definitely leaning towards having kids for reasons you mentioned.
I am glad I am helping you to make a decision! What does your spouse think?
I think she definitely wants kids, and ultimately she'll have the final say probably haha. Happy wife happy life
Yes, you are right with that! What do you and your wife like to do for fun right now since you don't have kids tying you down? haha!
We love trying new food places especially mediterranen food.
Oh you are making me hungry! What is your favorite dish?
I really just love grilled salmon, it helps me maintain my high protein diet. What is your favorite dish?
I love a good grilled salmon, I actually had that for dinner. I love chicken gyro with hummus...yum!
That sounds super unique, hummus is such an underrated snack!