Hey, buddy...how's it going?
Doing great weather is great for playing baseball. You?
Waiting for some better weather to get out diving! Ever been scuba diving?
No but I do enjoy having seafood.
Best seafood I've ever had was as a marine stationed in hawaii.
I would love to goto hawaii, but currently stuck working on my marketing degree.
Retired now, so will go for the 4th time soon!.
I would like to do a design ad later for hawaii, when I go visit.
Yep, just got divorced so it's just me and my two pets snakes now..
Good time to learn new things. I love learning new languages.
What languages can you speak now?
Chinese and english. Learning japanese since I like playing baseball.
One of my pet snakes escaped today! Guess where I found him?
I hope it wasn't curled up on the couch!
Nope that would not have been good. He was in my tumble dryer. I nearly didn't see him when i put the clothes in there from the wash.
Perhaps the dryer was still warm after the last use and he enjoyed the temperature. Sometimes I wish I could crawl into a dryer to warm up!
Yes that must of been it. I should of checked there first really but its the furthest place he could have gone in it didn't even cross my mind. But he is safely back in his enclosure now.
Do you think the snakes might have contributed to your divorce?
No they didn't i got them after the divorce as i always wanted to have snakes and she didn't. But now i get to do what i like which is great.
I generally do what I want too, sometimes it doesn't work out with my studies...I have been trying to finish this marketing degree for 6 years now. Probably time to strap in and hit the books!
Yeah school can be tough to get through. Especially if you don't have the right mind set. But you have come so far you can do this.
I'm just spread a little thin now...school, learning foreign languages, baseball, etc. I really need to focus on one at a time. Any tips for when you were in marines?
Honestly at first i didn't take things as serious as i should off. You just need to set up yourself in your mind that you need to put in the work to get to the place you want to be in life, even when times get hard just push through and it will all be worth it in the end.
Good advice. I will never be a professional ball player or work at the United Nations as a translator, so better to focus on marketing.