Hi. I work in a fast food restaurant that serves the best ice cream.
What a fun job! I am not a big fan of cold after living in alaska for three years.
I can understand that. I'll be going to college next year so, I need the money.
Congrats! What will you be studying? I am hoping to retire on a beach soon.
Neuroscience. I volunteer at a research lab now.
That sounds fascinating. I don't know much about neuroscience but I know I love my smart car!
Awesome! Believe it or not, I'm also a scout....an eagle scout!
On your honor? My parents are from the north and never introduced me to scouting.
I've done it for years....don't plan to give it up anytime soon.
My hair is blonde and I have blue eyes. What do you look like?
Dark with hazel eyes and a lots of personality.
I can tell, what do you do for fun?
I live by the beach so, I like to fish and swim.
I might have to move in with you when I retire!
How long have you had your smart car?
I've had it for a good five years or so now. It's definitely been helping me to save up for retirement, and it's actually kind of fun once you get used to it.
I bet, I have been wanting to get one. How long does it usually take to fully charge?
Oh, about a couple hours or so. It's just important to remember to recharge it before you need to go out!
That has always been my thing, I don't want to wait forever at places for the car to charge
Yeah, I probably wouldn't have gotten it if I had to regularly drive long distances. I mostly just use it to get around town, so I can just recharge at home most of the time.
I definitely need to consider getting one than! What beach are you hoping to retire on one day?
I haven't made up my mind just yet. It'd be nice to find a place in Hawaii, although I'll need to save up a lot more for that.
Hawaii is amazing, I live by a beach and it is amazing to be within walking distance of the water
I'm sure it is! What beach do you live near?
I live near Daytona Beach, gets a little touristy in the summer, so the beaches are packed, but it is fun.
Hmm, I probably would've enjoyed that in my younger days. But I think I'd prefer somewhere a bit quieter for my twilight years.