Hi. I just got home from school. What's up with you?
Hey there just got done looking at furniture online. How are you today?
I'm good. What kind of furniture are you getting?
Loveseat. I hope it will not collect pet fur.
Do you have dogs, cats, or a mixture of both?
2 doggies. I love my fur babies.
Aww! We have a dog and a cat, but the cat only really likes mom.
Cats can be that way. My dogs will be happy when the house is finished.
Are you doing major renovations like on hgtv?
Yeah and the dogs dont care for all the workers..
My dad's a steel worker. It's really noisy there!
I bet. Well I need to get to the mall soon for work..
Ok, I need to do my homework. It was nice chatting with you!
After work I will grill steaks. Drop by later if you can..
How are your home renovations coming along?
It's coming along, slowly but surely. Dealing with contractors is always a pain. It's as though they're incapable of meeting their own deadlines!
Yes, I can imagine. Are you able to do any of the work yoursef?
Only certain basics like painting and such. With my work schedule, it's hard to get much done.
I'd offer to help you, but I'm afraid I'm not very handy. I tend to take after my mother more than my dad.
Haha I appreciate the thought. How have things been at school lately?
Pretty good. But it takes a lot of time too. My parents warned me about going into nuclear physics;.
Wow, you're very ambitious! I can't even begin to imagine what the workload must be.
Yeah, I try to explain it to my parents but they don't understand. My dad says the only thing you need to know about physics is to not drop an I-beam on your foot.
Haha in your dad's defense, he's in a very different line of work. They're not too concerned about theory over at the steel mills!
I suppose not. He does go nuclear sometimes though! lol has the mall been busy lately?
It's been pretty hectic, yes! I'm amazed at how many people try to steal the most random junk from stores. I work in the central security office, so I see stuff on camera all day long.