Hello, I just got home to my houseboat.
Hello how are you?
I am doing good, just got home from bartending.
That must be a interesting job.
Very interesting, but not what I went to school for.
I enjoy going to the bars after work, so I like bartenders!
Haha, thanks. What do you do for work?
I own a company here in the local area.
Cool, I graduated with my masters but I haven't found a real job yet.
Oh perhaps you find one soon.
I hope so, what do you do for fun?
I enjoy karaoke nights at the bar, although my singing is questionable.
Karaoke nights are my favorite, my sisters and brothers do it all the time.
Oh yes, sometime my 2 daughters go with me, but no drinking for them!
How old are your daughters and what are their names?
My daughters are 16 and 14. Their names are Angelica and Jennifer. They're the lights of my life!
Those are such great names. Sounds like you have a great family. I grew up in a bigger family and I sort of miss being around that many people. How is the business going?
It's going well. I'm in construction and there's currently lots of demand in my area. You never told me what your master's degree is in.
I got a degree in Psychology. Helps me a lot when I'm bar tending. I thought I was going to love it in that field but I think I just really love being around people, so for now I am happy working at the bar and being around all the people who come in like you.
That's really interesting. Did you originally think you'd get into counseling or how did you envision using your education?
Well my mother was a counselor and really enjoyed her job. I never knew for sure where it would take me but I thought maybe I might work for my own practice one day. I still have time to work on it. Are you coming down next week Friday for Karaoke at the bar?
I think I will. At the end of the week I think I'll feel the need to let off some steam. Are you willing to join me on stage for one song?
I can do that. As long as you pick something I know well enough. Have any songs in mind?
I was thinking something pretty ambitious, even though I can't sing. Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'" or maybe Meatloaf's "I Would do Anything for Love." I like to sing pretty dramatic songs. It embarrasses my girls pretty badly.
Well I definitely know all the words to those two. I'll give it a go. I'm probably going to be embarrassing myself as well, but that's half the fun of Karaoke night
Yes, I agree. Do your sisters and brothers live in the area? And do they want to join us?