Hello, I just got back from fishing.
Cool, do you go fishing often? I've never been.
Yes, I go all the time and I have to eat a lot of fish.
Why do you eat fish so often? I'm a vegan.
I eat the fish I catch, I don't think you will like fishing.
Haha probably not. I do like going to the gym though. Do you?
No, I don't have time I work at doctors office.
Cool, you like it? I don't work, my husband's a lawyer though.
Yes, I am a doctor's assistant. Long hours. That is cool! No work.
Yeah, not working is awesome haha. Are you married?
No, I move around a lot with my job. I live in a condo by myself.
Oh. Why do you have to move around a lot if you work in a doctor's office?
You'd never believe it if you saw the fish I caught on my most recent fishing trip. It was a six-foot alligator gar!
No way, those are really rare now. How did you manage to land it? Or did it get away?
It took some help from my buddies, and we set it free after taking pictures and measurements, but it was amazing to see, and it was hard work. Sometimes fishing is like my gym. How has the gym been for you lately?
Good job you had some buddies there with you. Yes I go most days to the gym, it my escape from everything else in the world.
What is your favorite thing to do at the gym? I don't ever go because I get my workouts in just by running around fishing.
I enjoy lifting as heavy as I can. Things like squats and deadlifts really get me focused.
I see, so mostly weight training. Do you enjoy cardio? I wouldn't say I enjoy it, but I tend to get a lot of it in accidentally most of the time
I have to be in the mood to do cardio. Otherwise I find it a chore. How do you accidently get cardio in?
Things like reeling in a 6-foot fish or running up and down the stairs in my office and condo all day. I don't think I could get cardio in if I actually had to think about it.
Yes, cardio is best done doing everyday activities. You do not need a gym fo it.
Yes, I'll save my membership money. I can't believe you've never been fishing. It's so relaxing and exciting at the same time.
You should take me some time so I can give it a go. Maybe not start with a 6 ft fish though?