Hey! Just go back from a 1000 mile road trip to watch the grateful dead! What are you up to?
Hi! Just at home studying since I have a math test on friday.
That's no fun. Where you go to school?
At morgan high! I'm in the marching band there during the fall.
Cool, my 2 older brothers were both in marching band too. You like it?
I love it since both mom and dad are teachers.
Haha my dad used to be a farmer. Do you have your parents as teachers in school?
Yes they teach english. They want me to be in concert during the season.
Do you wan to be in concert too?
I do because lots of girls are in the band and its fun hanging out.
What instrument do you play for concert?
The violin. Most 16 year olds play violin in concert.
How long have you been playing the violin?
I've been playing for a good five years. Do you play any instruments?
I had to learn how to play the recorder for like 6th grade music. I also took a few violin lessons as a kid, though I hated it. I can do a few small things with a keyboard and know how to use a mixer and dj discs. That is about it.
Hey, that's quite a lot! I can't do most of those things--I play the violin... and that's it.
I mean, that is really good. They are not the easiest thing to play. I always over oiled my bow and when I got frustrated I tended to make the loud screeching sound on purpose to irritate my instructor. She quit on us haha.
Haha, yeah the large screeching sound is not kind to one's ears, that's for sure.
It made me feel better when I didn't feel like I knew what I was doing. Probably a childish thing to do, but I was only like 15 at the time. And I hated it. I couldn't hold my hand right and it hurt my neck. How is school going for ya?
School's going alright. It's a little weird being in my parent's classes, but then again, I guess it's a bit like homeschool. So it's not that bad.
I don't know that homeschool is the same as public. Homeschool only has one or two kids in the same grade and they don't do lessons the same way. I was homeschooled from second grade to graduation. But I can see how it would be uncomfortable or whatever. Like you can't just relax and be your regular away from home self. Gotta act how you do around your parents while with friends but not at home. Must be harsh.
Yeah, there's definitely a bit of that, for sure. I'd say my parents are pretty chill though, so it's not unbearable.
That is a good thing. Mine were too, but my mom would not have been cool in a room full of toddlers or teenagers. She was kinda agro when there were too many kids running around. Which is probably where my impatience came from haha. Do they ever show you favoritism or make it harder on you so nobody thinks they are playing favorites? Do your classmates know they are your parents?
I think they try their best to treat us all equally, which I'm glad about, but my classmates are aware that they're my parents. That's the kind of thing that gets let out in the first week of the school year.