Hi! How are you doing?
I'm great. Just chilling, looking for inspiration to paint. Art is my passion.
Nice! I'm headed to college next year. My college has a good art program.
Great. Even if art is not your major, take a studio art class or two, no regrets.
Exactly. I am going to study neuroscience but I will maybe broaden my horizon. We'll see.
There is nothing for me like the freedom of being my own boss... Best life ever.
Yes for sure. That's what I want when I become an eagle scout!
Lol. I must be honest, the income stream is sporadic but I manage to travel and live.
Lol! Lucky you. I'm stuck working at a fast food restaurant!
Hey, no shame in doing honest work. But be determined to live not just exist.
True. Doing that and eating ice cream, I will be more than happy!
Ok, so why the interest in neuroscience?
To be honest, I just think that kind of work is really gratifying.
Good for you all the best with your career in neuroscience..
You mentioned you are your own boss. Does the company you own focus on art?
Yes it does. I also get children who are in poverty to make drawings and sell them so that they can buy some toys or clothes or whatever they want to do with the money they earn.
Oh wow, that's a really amazing idea. Did you go to art school and graduate? And how did you eventually get inspired to become an artist?
Yes I did go to an art school. And so many people helped me finish the program and graduate that i just wanted to give back when I was able to. And what originally spired me was a man in my neighborhood just would sit outside i draw and paint and me and my friends would just watch him, so thats when i decided i wanted to become an artist.
Wow, that's a neat story. My mother really loved art but she died when I was quite young and I was just raised by my dad. He wasn't really interested in art.
Yeah most people really go one way or the other they love it or hate it there doesn't really seem to be much of an in between. Are you looking forward to starting college soon?
I am, but I'm also nervous about it. It'll be the first time I'm away from home and I feel a lot of pressure to do well and make the most of it. It's costing so much money.
College is very expensive. It unfortunate college in the USA isn't more like the way European countries do it. But hopefully you can just make the experience as enjoyable as possible, im sure you will ben fine and love it once you're there.
Yes, I do hope to have some fun as well. But if I want to eventually stop working at a fast food restaurant I think I'll need to take it seriously, too. I want to make my dad proud since he's sacrificed a lot to be able to help me financially.
Yeah i understand the pressure of trying to please family. I'm sure you will do the best you can possibly do and regardless your father will be proud of you.
What types of art are you working on right now? What are your favorite media to work with?
Right now I am doing a wildlife project. Im hoping to go on a Safari trip so i can see more unique animals. I prefer water color pencils, but occasionally like to use acrylic paints.