Hi there how are you?
Great. Thanks for asking. Just chilling on the porch as I work from home on web design.
Oh that sounds fun I love my porch wish I had more time for it.
I get to spend more time with my 3 kids and my 2 dogs. Lol.
Oh how sweet. My job leaves me little time for family. Kind of inherited lol.
Well what do you do?
Therapy it pays well but id rather watch the lions and eat pizza all day.
Lol I can relate. During my computer break I help out around the farm.
Oh how lovely. What a picture perfect life :) like a rockwell painting.
True. Lol. It is a very satisfying life. I'm very grateful for my family.
How long have you been married?
17 years since 2001. How about you?
What kind of farm do you have? Is it more centered around crops or animals?
I have a canola farm, it's definitely more centered around crops but I have some animals too like sheep, cows, and chicken. How is your family?
That is interesting! My family is doing well. My husband Paul just had to go out of town for work.
Great to hear! What does your husband do for work?
He works for Doctors Without Borders. Very noble, but he's gone a lot. But I am busy with my work too, so it works out, but this is probably why we do not have any kids yet. No time. How are your kids?
My kids are good, my youngest, Chester, just graduated from kindergarten, I'm so proud of him. How is therapy going?
Way to go, Chester! Therapy is ok. It really puts things in perspective when I hear people talk about their lives and trials. It makes me appreciate what I have more when I start to feel down about Paul being gone so often.
Yeah it's always humbling seeing with another person's point of view. Sorry to hear Paul's work is so demanding, it must be hard working away from home all the time. How does he feel about it?
He used to love it, but I think he may be getting ready to settle down in one place. How is the world of web design?
It's going alright, it's our least busiest time of the year but we are still making enough sales to get by. Where did Paul plan on settling?
I'm glad you're making enough to get by! I suppose that kind of work requires a lot of budgeting for slow seasons. I hope Paul and I end up settling right here in California.
Oh that's awesome! I love California, the weather there is beautiful. Are you going to continue therapy in California?