Hi.
Hi.
What do you like doing in your spare time?
I love reading and going to art museums. What about you?
Walking on the beach near where I live is great fun.
I wish I was closer to the beach. I live about an hour away.
The mountains are great for walking also.
They are. I haven't done much hiking though because of the rain.
I don't get out often because I am still in high school studying.
I have a daughter in high school. What grade are you in?
I am in year 9, so doing my o levels now.
You must be somewhere in europe then. My daughter is in 11th grade and I'm in california.
Yes I am in the uk studying spanish.
My daughter is studying french.
That is good for a job in europe.
I think for university she wants to study either in the uk or france.
I would say uk is better. Better quality teaching. But that is just my opinion.
I think she is leaning that way..
The fees are expensive so shop around for the best university.
Will do. Thanks for chatting with me..
No probs. Been a pleasure, hope I helped.
You did. Have a good rest of your day!
I was able to find some time today to take a break from studying for school and go walk on the beach.
That sounds lovely, I am goin to the beach with my daughter later today.
It's always nice to get out to the beach and take a walk. Does your daughter like the beach?
She does, but school studies take up a lot of her time, she is trying to get in to university.
Tell me about it. I spend most of my time studying. Has she decided where she is going to go?
She wants to study French at a university abroad. What are you studying?
I'm studying Spanish. So, she wants to study a foreign language like me. How fascinating!
I do not speak any foreign languages, Spanish sounds like a great language to learn. Where do you study?
I study in the UK but go to Spain in the summer to put it all to the test. Thinking back, I probably should have just attended school in Spain to learn better and be immersed in the language.
Do you hike in the UK? I am going to spend my summer time hiking in California while my daughter is busy studying.
I haven't been proper hiking in some time. The last time was in the Ludlow area. When I get some free time from studying I like to go the beach instead. What is it like hiking in California?
Ludlow, that sounds like a beautiful place, I have never been! Hiking in California is wonderful, I can walk down to the beach and enjoy drinks and lunch at my favorite taco spot to relax.