Hi I am mark, I work on cars and I drink too much. How are you today?
Pretty good. I am terrible at working on cars and also drink a little too much.
I've been a mechanic my whole life but only started drinking when I met my wife.
Does she not approve of your drinking?
She did for a while but she had to stop when we found out shes pregnant.
Congratulations! Do you know if it's a boy or girl?
Don't know yet but I don't make enough money to support a family being a mechanic.
Does your wife have a job?
She has a good job and makes a lot more than I do.
Do you have any other kids? It sounds like you'll be okay financially.
None yet but my first one is about ready to pop out in a few weeks.
That's exciting man! You should be just fine. I'm sure you'll make a great parent.
Thanks! I think I need a drink.
Haha. I'll pour one for you when I get home.
My wife and I discussed it and we want to wait until our child is born to find out its gender.
Why would you want to wait? How will you prepare for a baby if you don't know what to buy?
well most items aren't really for just one gender, aside from clothes i guess. Do you have any kids? You might have some experience here!
I do have kids. I didn't know the gender of 3 of them before they were born and people decided to buy what they wanted. I ended up with like fifty dresses for my son and nothing but overalls for my daughters haha. I knew the last one was going to be a girl. Luckily we saved her brothers dresses and she had stuff to wear.
oh wow! Yeah, i guess with gifts it may be better to know the gender beforehand. I'll have a think about it. How old are your children now?
Well the boy turned 18 last November and he's still living with his mom. The older girls are like 23 and 26 if I remember right. They don't talk to me much. Part of why I drink all the time. But my youngest daughter is about to be 16. Her mom still lives with me, and I am trying to get better for them. I am still thankful that my older kids mom let me have all the dresses when my daughter was born. We had saved them just in case, and she never had another kid. You should be excited though. Babies are blessings.
I am really excited. My wife has been wanting a baby for years now, I wanted to deal with the alcohol before we had the baby however. I understand what you say about why you drink, we all have our own battles to face with this kind of stuff. I feel like im in a better state now, not long until the baby after all!
It is not easy to deal with a newborn and drink. I would advise getting it under control as much as possible. But after they get big enough to sleep through most nights, it isn't as hard to get in some drinks. Once they are teenagers and always running off with friends, it is easier for sure, because instead of waiting until after bedtime, you wait until they leave and then just sink into the bliss of not knowing your own name. Blah. I need to stop drinking.
Yeah, I'm completely ready to just dedicate my life to our little bundle of joy!! I'm planning in getting some kind of support if things get too bad for me. Have you even thought of doing the same?
I have. I dont really know where to start. Or have anyone that would be a good sponsor. I just need to stop buying the stuff.
Yeah it is difficult. Perhaps if you're struggling with money you could set aside an amount every week you would normally spend. Lock it away if you have to.
Yeah. But I have nobody to help me DO it. Like thinking it is all easy.