Hi! I live in ohio but, I'm moving to florida. Where do you live?
I live in the uk, but have been to florida a few times.
Do you like sports? What about the chicago bears football team.
I do like sports but not really into american football.
I went to a very strick high school, my father was the principal at my old school.
Ok, I teach english in a uk school.
Cool! Do you have any brothers or sisters? My sister is older than me.
No I am an only child so I like making friends.
I have some really great friends, also.
I do some charity work for a homeless shelter.
That's awesome! I volunteer at the local food pantry for the poor.
It is always important to give back I feel.
I'm excited about my move to Florida. I've been researching it a lot. I'm worried about the weather, though.
Sounds like you're in for a treat! I've been to Florida once and enjoyed it. The humidity definitely wan't enjoyable but the lack of snow made up for it. What city are you planning on moving to?
I love the heat. I think I was born to just bake in the sun. I am thinking of Tampa. Which city would you go to?
If you love the heat, then you'll definitely like Florida. I haven't been to Tampa, but I did like Miami when I visited. I really enjoyed the beaches in Miami. Have you been to Florida before or will this be a new city for you?
I have been before which is why I decided to move. The beaches were one of the main reasons actually. Imagine going out for lunch while at work to sit on the beach for 30 mins.
Oh yes, that does sound quite nice. I actually just remembered that I went through Tallahassee once briefly but it rained most of the time so I didn't do much. Do you have any family in Tampa?
No, its more to get away from them. They are very strict and I feel I need a bit more freedom.
Ah, that makes sense. Will you have any friends close by in Tampa or is this a totally fresh start for you?
Completely fresh start. i am really excited about it!
Sounds like it will be really fun. Do you follow any of the local sports there?
Not a big sports fan to be honest. It all seems a bit too aggressive for me. How about you?
That's alright. I do like sports, soccer especially, but I'm not too into many American sports. However, I do try to watch some of the Tampa Bay Rays games from time to time.