Hi. Do you like meat?
Yes I do! Omnivore is what I call myself.
I only eat veggies. I love animals.
I like animals too. What kind of music do you like? I like it all!
I like blasting rock in my jeep wrangler. What do you drive?
I just ride my bike. I enjoy it and it's great exercise!
I prefer the gym myself. Trying to put on muscle.
I try to work out when I can, I sit all day working on computers.
I'm a housewife. I married a lawyer. You married?
I am. I also like to read.
Reading is a great way to pass the time.
It is. It's a great escape. Do you like movies?
My Jeep got a flat tire so I was stranded for 3 hours today!
That sucks! Did you have any profound thoughts whilst you were stuck? 3 hours is such a long time to wait.
No, no profound thoughts. I basically just read some in a book I had luckily brought with me and waited.
Books are such a good way of passing the time. especially when you get lost in the world of the book. I find that with books though, it helps to have a vivid imagination. Do you have one?
I guess so. I mean, I can image what the characters and the worlds in the books look like. Do you have a good imagination?
Unfortunately, no. My mind is a weird and wonderful place of... not very much if I am honest. I prefer reading more non-fiction books. I also love biographies. Do you read any biographies?
No, I have to admit that I haven't. Who have you read about?
One of my favourites was Michelle Obama's. The insight it gave into the role of The First Lady was utterly fascinating. I suggest you give it a try
Maybe. I really prefer historical fiction to anything else. I like to read about the past, especially the Victorian era. The present is a little depressing for me.
One of my favourite quotes about the past and the present goes as follows - "The past is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is wonderful, that's why they call it the present". That is kind of my outlook on life now. What was the last historical fiction book you read?
It was Emma by Jane Austen. You're quote is interesting. It makes you think. Who said it?
It was in the film Kung Fu Panda, of ALL places. But I suppose, since it is aimed at children, it teaches them a way of having a positive outlook on life. Emma is renowned for being an amazing book, I should give it a try
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to check it out sometime. I haven't seen that movie yet, but I've heard good things about it.
You should definitely watch it, it's one of the best movies I've ever seen. What's your favorite movie?
My favorite movie would have to be the matrix. I've seen it so many times.
That's a good one, I like that one too. Have you read any good books lately?
I've been reading a lot of non-fiction books lately. I'm trying to expand my vocabulary.
What are some of your favorite non fiction books? I'm always looking for new ones to read.
I just read a really good one about the history of the russian revolution. It was really interesting.
That does sound interesting. I'll have to check it out. Do you have any other hobbies besides reading?
Not really. I like to read, but I don't have much time for it these days.
That's understandable. It's hard to find time to read when you have a full time job.
Yeah, that's true. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school, if I may ask?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of people with that.
Thank you. I hope so. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't, but I'd love to get a dog someday. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills, so I can't complain too much.
That's good. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to spend time with my wife and kids. They keep me very busy. How about you?
I don't have any kids, but I do have a wife. She's a veterinarian.
That sounds like a very rewarding job. How long have you been working as a vet?
I've been working at the vet's office for about 10 years. It's a great job.
Wow, that's a long time. I'm sure you have a lot of great stories to tell.
I do. I love my job. I get to work with animals all the time. Do you like animals?
I do like animals. I have a dog and a cat. What kind of animals do you work with?
I work with dogs, cats, birds, reptiles, and amphibians.
That sounds like a fun job. What do you do when you're not working with the animals?
I volunteer at the animal shelter. It is a great way to meet new people.
That's a great idea. I'll have to look into volunteering at the shelter near me.
That would be a great place to start. They are always looking for volunteers. Have you ever volunteered before?
I haven't, but I've always wanted to. I think it would be really rewarding.
It really is. You get to meet a lot of different people and make a difference in their lives.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll look into it. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to read a lot, especially non-fiction books. I also like to cook. What about you?
I love to cook as well. What's your favorite thing to cook? I love italian food.
I love cooking spaghetti and meatballs. It's one of my favorites.