Hello, how are you today?
Good thank you for asking. I grew up on a farm and have 2 older siblings, you?
I love coffee. I enjoy the zoo, hiking, camping and running.
I moved to the city and there are lots of coffee shops. Do you like music?
Yes. I love my leisure time, I have a dog. Do you have pets?
No pets at this time. I traveled far to see my favorite band. Siblings?.
I have 3 brothers. I spend most of my time with my dog.
Dogs are fun! City life doesn’t allow me to have pets..
I love coffee like you, I just got a new espresso machine. It is awesome!
Are you male or female?.
Female. What about you?
Female as well. My dad was a farmer and wants to visit me in the city..
I just made a latte with my new espresso machine. Have you ever made your own latte?
no i haven't but i always wouldn't to. Do you have any suggestions on making a good one?
Not really - it was so easy! Put the thing in, press the button and walk away. Tastes like a fancy 10 dollar coffee but for a fraction of the price. Highly recommend it if you like coffee!
i will have to try it one day. I usually just go and buy one.and that does get expensive. What things do you do in you leisure tiem?
I've been trying to be more active with the dogs. The coffee certainly helps! How about you? What have you been up to?
When i'm not working i'm just traveling around the city, finding new places and things to do
Found anything exciting lately? I get overwhelmed so easily in the big city.
I was like that at first coming from a farm but i use to it know. i just discovered a nice little place to eat that has the best food ever
What kind of food is it? Some good cuisine is definitely the easiest way to tempt me out in the suburbs, lol
lol, it's Mexican. authentic. It was so good. I think you would love it. I think everything i tried i .loved. I even to home some so other could try it. What type of food do you like?
I like everything! I could really go for some authentic Mexican... a little taco, a taquito maybe, some nachos definitely... oh I'm so hungry now. ha!
Well you would love this place. it's the best and the customer service is amazing
I'll have to check it out next time I'm in town. What's your favorite dish there?
My favorite dish is the mexican chicken enchiladas. It's so good!
That sounds delicious! I love enchildranadas! Have you ever been to mexico?
No, but I would love to go someday. Do you have any recommendations on where to go?
I've been to cancun a few times. It was a lot of fun. Have you been there?
No, I have never been there. I would like to go to puerto rico though.
I've always wanted to go there too. I think it would be really cool to see the pyramids.
I think so too. It would be nice to see how they were built. Did you have a favorite part of the trip?
I think my favorite part was the food. I love mexican food. What is your favorite food?
Mexican food is my favorite too! I love tacos and enchiladas.
Tacos are so good. I like to make them at home. Do you like to cook?
I love to cook, but I'm not very good at it. What's your favorite dish to make?
My favorite dish is spaghetti with meatballs. It's so simple, but so delicious.
That does sound delicious. I'll have to try it sometime. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. I wish I could find a job like that. What are you studying in school?
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of animals with that.
I hope so. I would love to work with dogs and cats. Do you have any pets?
I don't, but I'd love to get a dog one day. What kind of dog do you think I should get?
I think you should get a german shepherd. They are very loyal and protective.
That's a good idea. I'll have to do some research on them. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to go hiking in the mountains. It is very peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had more time to do things like that.
It is a great way to relax after a long day of work. Do you have any hobbies?
No, I don't have much time for hobbies. I spend most of my time working.
I am sorry to hear that. What kind of work do you do? Do you enjoy it?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. I do enjoy it, but it can be stressful at times.
I can understand that. I used to work at a coffee shop and it was very stressful.
That sounds like it would be a lot more stressful than my job. Did you like working at the coffee shop?
Yes, I loved working there. It was a great way to meet new people and make new friends.
That's great. I'm glad you had a good time there. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to go hiking with my dogs. It's a great stress reliever for me.
What kind of dogs do you have? I've always wanted a dog, but I'm not sure what kind to get.
I have a german shepherd and a golden retriever. They're both great dogs.
How old are they? I'd love to get a dog but I don't think I have the time to take care of one.
They are both 3 years old. They don't need a ton of attention, but they do need a lot of exercise.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll look into adopting a dog from the local shelter.
That's a great idea. I adopted my dog from a shelter and he is the best dog I've ever had. Do you like dogs?
I like dogs, but I'm not a huge dog person. I'm more of a cat person.