Hi there I'm a single male, what about you?
I am grilling steaks in my new house as we speak. You sing?.
No, I don't sing though I enjoy the outdoors and I like to read.
Great! I have two dogs who love hot dogs too. You dance?
No I'm not a dancer either, maybe that's why I'm still single.
Funny! I police the mall near my home. You work?
I'm working on staying single and not marrying.
I see. I need new furniture for my unfinished house. Any ideas?
Do you have children, I don't and maybe that should be considered regarding furniture choices.
No children here. I have two dogs who love steaks like me. You paint?
I don't paint, but I do love dogs.
Great! Bet you love grilling dog steaks like me too. Just kidding.
So how long have you been in your new house now?
About 3 days now! I've been trying to shop for furniture and other items, especially for my dogs.
Is it a spacious house? How many rooms? Are the dogs adjusting well to their new home?
There's lots of space for the dogs and they love it here! They have plenty of rooms to explore and hangout in.
What are you going to do with all that space? An entertainment room? A workout room? A library?
I'm gonna make a room just for my dogs! You are welcome to come and help decorate or play with my dogs!
Oh, I will. Does next Saturday work for you, say about 10 in the morning? I know what I would do: I'm being crowded out of my apartment by all the books. It would have to be a library room for me.
That sounds great, I can't wait to see you! Haha I can't imagine having that many books around. My dogs would chew them up.
I love dogs, but that's why I don't have any! I would be knee-deep in shredded literature!
When you get a new place you could always make that library room you wanted and keep the door closed!
Yep, and when I buy a home, that's what I'll do. But in the apartment it's just one big room. Dogs and books could not co-exist peacefully! For the moment, give me a nice, quiet pussycat!
Haha a cat would be great for an apartment. Much easier to care for than dogs.
That's true, but I'm not sure I want to deal with all the litter box cleaning. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. The dog is much easier to take care of than the cat.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll look into getting a dog. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. He is the best dog I have ever had.
That's awesome. I love labs. I had one when I was a kid and he was the best.
Labs are great dogs. They are very loyal and protective of their owners. What kind of dog do you have now?
I have an australian shepherd. He's a great dog, but he can be a handful.
I love aussies. I have a friend who has one and she is the sweetest dog.
Do you have any pets of your own? I'd love to get a cat, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I used to have a dog but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a very good boy.
He was the best boy. He loved to play fetch with a tennis ball. Do you play any sports?
I don't play sports, but I love to watch them. I like to watch the olympics.
Olympic sports are fun to watch. I love watching figure skating. What is your favorite sport to watch?
Figure skating is really cool. My favorite to watch is probably gymnastics.
Do you have a favorite figure skater? I'm a big fan of michelle wie.
I'm not sure who that is. I know a lot of figure skaters, but it's hard to pick a favorite.
Yeah, I know what you mean. There are so many talented people out there. Have you ever been to a gymnastic competition?
No, I haven't. I don't think I have the coordination for that kind of thing.
You should give it a try. I think you'd be surprised at how well you'd do.
I'll have to look into it. Do you have any other hobbies besides gymnastics?
No, not really. I like to read, but that's about it. How about you?
I love to read as well. My favorite author is stephen king. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the hunger games. I love dystopian fiction. What's your favorite genre?
I like sci-fi and mystery. Have you read any of stephen kings books?
No, I haven't. I don't think I've ever read a book by him. Is he your favorite author?
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors. Do you have a favorite book of his?
I think my favorite of his is the shining. It's been a long time since I've read it though.
I have never read that one. I will have to check it out. What other books do you like to read?
I read a lot of non-fiction books. I like to learn about different cultures.
What is your favorite culture that you have learned about? I would love to learn more about it.
I've learned a lot about indigenous cultures, especially in canada. I think it's really interesting.
That is very interesting. I have always wanted to go to canada and see the northern lights. Have you ever seen them?
I haven't seen them in person, but I've seen them on tv. They're really beautiful.
That is so cool. I hope I get to see them someday. What do you do for a living?
I work as an accountant. It's a pretty boring job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job to me. I would love to be able to work from home.
Yeah, it's pretty great. I don't think I could ever work in an office again. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. I listen to a lot of classical and jazz.
That's cool. Do you play any instruments? I've always wanted to learn how to play the piano.