Hi there, how are you doing?
I'm pretty well, how are you?
Fine, just came back from hiking in the great outdoors.
Awesome! Do you have any dogs? I have two.
I have one dog, I like to spend time with all kind of animals, love them.
Sweet! Where did you go to school? I studied in france and some in spain.
France and spain, wow. I studied here in california.
Nice! I only studied there because my father served in the navy.
I would love to go to france, I love coffee and try new ways to brew.
Nice, I'm not much of a coffee drinker. Do you like burgers?
Sure, but I am trying to eat healthy now and go outside to run, hike, and camp.
Wow, I wish I were that healthy. I really like them and fries.
I like to have as much leisure activity as I can so I started going outdoors.
That's a good idea. I grew up an only child, so outdoors would be a good idea.
What did you study in France and Spain? Specifically, what was your major that you decided on in those two countries.
My major was education, languages specifically. I wanted to learn French and Spanish while I was there so I could be a high school language teacher when I returned to the United States. Now I have been teaching for 15 years. I love it! I find it very rewarding.
That is Amazing. Did you study in Paris?
Yes, I did study in Paris. And in Spain I studied in Madrid. You mentioned that you studied in California. What did you study? Do you still live there?
I did study at UCLA. I was a marketing major and moved to New York.
Oh interesting! Which do you like more (besides the weather) New York or California?
I definitely prefer California but had a great opportunity in New York. Where in France would you recommend someone to go to see?
Paris would be a great place to do many touristy things. The fashion district in Paris is amazing. If you ever get the chance to go during fashion week, it is unreal!
Thank you for the recommendation. I will keep that in mind when I am planning my trip to france.
You are very welcome! I would love to hear about your trip when you get back. Have you been to paris before?
Yes, I have been there many times. It is my favorite city in the world. What is your favorite place in france?
I would have to go with paris as well. I love the architecture of the city.
Have you ever been to the eiffel tower in paris? It is one of my favorites.
No, I haven't. I have always wanted to go though. I hear it is beautiful.
It really is. You should go if you ever get the chance. I think you would really enjoy it.
I will have to look into it. I would love to go to france too. Have you been there?
I have not, but it is on my list of places to visit. I've been to spain and italy, but not france.
I have been to italy as well. I loved it there. What is your favorite italian food?
I really like spaghetti with meatballs and garlic bread. How about you?
That sounds delicious. I love pasta as well, but my favorite is chicken parmigiana.
I've never had that. I'll have to try it next time I'm in italy.
You definitely should. It's one of my favorite dishes. What's your favorite dish to cook?
Chicken parmesan is my favorite. I make it at home all the time.
That sounds really good. Do you make it from scratch or buy it at the grocery store?
I buy it from the store. I don't know how to make it. I would love to learn though.
I'm sure you could find a recipe online. I'd be happy to send you one if you'd like.
That would be great. Thank you so much. What is your favorite italian dish to make?
I'm a big fan of spaghetti with meatballs and garlic bread.
That sounds delicious. I'll have to give it a try sometime. I'm always looking for new recipes to try.
I can send you the recipe if you want to try it. It's really easy to make. What's your favorite recipe?
I would love to try your recipe. My favorite is probably lasagna. I make it at least once a week.
Lasagna is one of my favorites too. I love making it with zucchini noodles.
That sounds good. I will have to try that next time. Do you have any other hobbies?
Not really. I like to read, but I don't have a lot of time for that these days. How about you?
I love to read as well. I have been trying to find a new book to read. Any recommendations?
I really like the harry potter series. I haven't read any of the other books in the series, though.
Harry potter is a great series. Have you read all the books or just the first one?
I've read all of them. My favorite is the last one, chamber of secrets.
That's a good one. Do you have a favorite character from the series? Mine is snape.
I like snape too. I like all the characters, but I think my favorite is harry.
I like harry a lot too. What's your favorite book? I think mine is order of the phoenix.
I like that one too, but it's hard to pick a favorite. I love them all.
I know what you mean. I can't choose between harry potter and the catcher in the rye.
I haven't read that one. I'll have to check it out. What is it about?
It's about a kid who goes to hogwarts. It's a great book.
That sounds like it would be a good read. Do you have any other books you would recommend?
I don't have any others that I can think of right now, but I'll let you know if I think of any.
That would be great. I'm always looking for new books to read. I've been reading a lot of non-fiction lately.