Hey there. How's it going?
Good, how are you?
Doing well, killing time before I go to work..
Nice, what do you do for a living?
I'm a sales manager for a premium mattress retailer. I live at work, lol.
Lol I can relate, I work in the tech industry working on software solutions.
Nice. Any hobbies? I love music, black sabbath is my favorite.
Running half marathons, I'd like to work up to full sometime.
That's nice. I'd like to do that but I'm a workaholic. Almost out of debt..
Exercise makes work easier for me!
Lol, I love meat too much to diet and exercise..
Lol keto allows lots of meat, and what I don't eat I give to the dog.
How is the running going, do you think you'll do a full marathon next year?
I doing good with my running. I have a half marathon this summer and may try a full marathon next spring, but i don't know.
Well, you got to do what you enjoy! What's your secret for conserving your energy during your run?
The key that was told to me is to relax. Run but don't try to run. Let it come naturally.
That makes sense. Hyper focusing makes the strain feel that much more, I'm sure. Has the keto diet helped your running?
That is the problem with running long distances, your body needs carbohydrates but the Keto diet you cut out the carbs. So I am always fighting my body with the food I eat.
Totally get that. I know you only get like 20 grams a day. I want to eat less carbs myself, but don't think I could ever do full keto.
But I know I have to eat more carbs if I am going to run a full marathon. So, how is the mattress business going?
I guess I can't complain! But having so many people purchase mattresses independently online has been a challenge to business.
I still like to go to a store to buy furniture. But I guess others like buying online
Honestly, there are great options online. But I put in extra time to give my customers the best advice for what they need when they come in.
that is very important to get the right advice plus I need to feel the bed before I buy it.
That's a great way to look at it. I hope you find the perfect bed for you. What kind are you looking for?
I am looking for a memory foam bed. I think that would be the best for me.
I've heard good things about those. I'm sure you'll find what you're looking for.
I hope so. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately. What about you?
That's cool. I like video games too, but I'm not very good at them. What's your favorite video game?
I really like call of duty. I play it with my friends a lot. Have you ever played it?
No, I've never played it. I don't play many video games, but when I do, it's usually sports games.
What sports games do you like? I like soccer and tennis. I used to play soccer a lot when I was younger.
I like playing soccer, too. My favorite sports game is probably nba 2k, though.
I haven't played that one yet. I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately.
Fortnite is fun, but I'm not a fan of the building aspect of it. What's your favorite thing about it?
I like that it's free to play. I can play it whenever I want and not have to worry about paying for it.
That's a good point. Do you play with friends, or do you just play by yourself?
I mostly play by myself. I don't have many friends that play video games. How about you?
I have a couple of friends that I play with, but most of the time I play solo as well.
That's cool. What kind of video games do you like to play? I like fortnite.
Fortnite is a lot of fun, but I'm not very good at it. I like games like call of duty and assassin's creed.
I haven't played assassins creed in a long time. I used to play it all the time when I was younger.
I've been playing it a lot recently. I'm trying to get all of the achievements. What's your favorite game?
My favorite game would have to be red dead redemption. Have you ever played that one?
I've heard of it but I've never played it. Do you play it on xbox or ps4?
I play on ps4. It's a great open world game. You should check it out.
I will, thanks for the recommendation! Do you have any other games you like to play?
I play a lot of fortnite and call of duty. I also like racing games.
That's cool. I don't really play video games, but I do like to watch them.
What is your favorite tv show to watch? I like the walking dead and game of thrones.
I like those shows too. My favorite show right now is orange is the new black. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. What is it about? Is it on netflix?
Yes it is. It is about a girl who is a prostitute. I think you would like it.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. Do you have any other shows you'd recommend?
I don't have a lot of time to watch tv. I mostly just play video games. I like to play call of duty.
That's cool. I'm not much of a gamer, but I've heard good things about the walking dead.
The walking dead is a great show. It's one of my favorites. What's your favorite tv show?
I'm a big fan of game of thrones. Have you seen it? It's really good.
No, I haven't seen it. I hear it's good though. What is it about?
It's about kings and queens trying to take over the world. You should check it out.
Sounds interesting. I'll have to give it a watch. What else do you like to watch?
I don't have a lot of time to watch tv, so I mostly just play video games.
That's cool. Do you play fortnite? I've been playing that a lot lately.