Peace! How are you?
Hi I'm ok getting ready for work you?
Putting on my hiking boots and heading into the woods. You like to hike?
Not really I prefer to stay home and drink. Do u have kids?
I am waiting for my neighbor john to decide he wants to make babies with me.
Haha I see I will be a dad soon.
I hope we make a beautiful world of equal opportunity for your kid.
Hopefully. I work in a garage what do u do for work?
I quit my job becasue my boss was mean. I hate mean people.
Do u like to drink? It runs in my family.
Not much. It makes people mean, and I'm not mean.
True some people do get mean.
Do you have hobbies other than drinking, I mean.
Besides working on cars not many how bout u?
Did you work on any cool cars today?
Not today! I mostly worked on Toyotas this week. But I do have a vintage Ferrari coming in next week.
that sounds sweet. I wished I was mechanically inclined and could work on cars. That would be a nice job to have.
I could definitely give you pointers here and there! Honestly, just knowing how to change your oil, take care of tires, and refill your fluids goes a long way.
My neighbor John changes my oil. That tells you how much I know about cars.
John seems like a great guy! Do you guys ever hang out?
not really, he has kids and I don't. So we have nothing really to do together.
Well, I'm sure if he ever gets a free moment you guys could go out for tacos or a hike or something. Have you hiked anywhere cool recently?
just local trails. So how are you feeling about being a new Dad?
I'm both super scared and super psyched at the same time. Everything is about to change and I have no idea what to expect
I imaging it changes a lot. But you'll be fine because father instincts will kick in.
I certainly hope so. All the diapers will be worth it when I can teach how to do all the things I enjoy!
That's a great attitude to have. I'm sure you'll do a great job. How many kids do you have?
Thank you! I have two kids, a boy and a girl. They're a handful, but I wouldn't change it for the world.
Wow, that's a lot of kids. I don't know if I could handle that many.
Yeah, it can be overwhelming at times, but it's worth it in the end. Do you have any pets?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
Aww, I'm so sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was he/she?
He was a german shepherd. He was the best dog I've ever had.
I'm sure he was. German shephards are great dogs. I had one when I was a kid.
They really are. They are so loyal and protective. How old were you when you had yours?
I think I was around 6 or 7 years old. It was a long time ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.
That's so sweet. Do you have any pets now? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have a pet right now. I would love to get a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
Oh, that's a bummer. I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills, but it's not what I want to do for the rest of my life.
That's a good way to look at it. I hope you find something that makes you happy.
I hope so too. Thanks for chatting with me. It's been nice. Take care. Have a good day.
You too, thanks for the chat. You take care too, and have a great rest of your week. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I do. I'm going to go hiking with my family this weekend. How about you?
That sounds like a lot of fun. I have to work this weekend, but I'm looking forward to the weekend after that.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for work, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills, so I can't complain too much.
That's good. I wish I could find a job like that. I don't know what I want to do with my life.
I'm sure you'll figure it out. You're still young, so you have plenty of time to figure things out. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. I listen to a lot of classical and jazz.
That's cool. I like classical music too. Do you have a favorite classical composer?
I really like beethoven and mozart. What is your favorite genre of music?
Classical music is my favorite too. My favorite composers are bach and schubert.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to check them out. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
You should definitely check out bach. He is considered to be one of the greatest musical minds of all time. What are some of your favorite bands?
I've heard of bach, but I haven't listened to any of his music. I like the beatles.
Have you ever seen them in concert? I've always wanted to go to one of their concerts.
No, I have never seen them live. I would love to see them one day. What is your favorite song by them?
I think my favorite song of theirs is yellow submarine. Have you heard that one?
I have not. I will have to give it a listen. Do you have any other bands you like?
I have been listening to a lot of kings of leon lately. I love their music.
I have heard of them but never listened to them. What genre of music do they play?
They are a rock band. They have been around for a long time. They are from california.
I'll have to check them out sometime. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
What is your favorite type of music? Do you like rock or jazz or something else?
I like all kinds of music. I don't really have a favorite. I do like rock though.