Hi, how are you today?
Good day!! Im great. How are you?
Yes good thank you. I've been busy today.
Working? I just returned from nyc. We went to see the graffiti.
Wow that sound really interesting. I love art I'm learning to do oil paintings.
That is cool!! I got my fifth tattoo there. I wish I could paint.
I'm not very good yet but im getting better. What is your tattoo of?
It is of a small tiger head. Do you have any?
I have my wife's name with a rose.
That is nice!! I own my mom's coffee shop now. My tattoos have to be tasteful.
I help my mom a lot as she has not been very well.
I'm sorry, I hope she gets better..
She is much better at the moment. I just like helping. Do you have a job?
Coffee shop. Been nice chatting with you. Take care.
Are you hiring at your mother's coffee shop? I have a friend looking for a job.
I'm not sure if she is hiring right now but i will ask and get back to you
That would be great. This friend of mine could really use a job and is very responsible and personable. They're also very presentable. But obviously if you're not hiring then you're not hiring.
it always good to have great people working so i will for sure ask and get back with you asap.
Okay, that sounds good. I was wondering what your other four tattoos are of?
One is my mom name, then i have one of flower with a rose. The other two is an awareness ribbons. Do you have more than one tattoo? Do you want more?
No, I just have the one of my wife's name and a rose. If I get divorced I guess I'll have to get it removed. For now I don't think I'll add any. Do you have an idea or desire for a sixth?
yeah you can always get it removed are covered up.I do want another one day but not sure yet. I usually let my tattoo ideas come to me.
How old were you when you got your first tattoo?
I was 21 years old when i got my first now i can't seem to stop
Yes, they do say that tattoos can be addictive. Do you think you're actually addicted to it?
no i believe i can stop at anytime i jut don't want to. it's the way i like to express myself
That's a good way to look at it. Have you thought about getting any more tattoos?
I have thought about it, but I'm not sure what I would get. I don't know what I want to get.
I know what you mean. I've been thinking about getting a tattoo for a while now but I can't decide on what to get either.
I think I'm going to get a tattoo of a tiger on my ankle. What do you think?
I think that's a great idea. I think it would be a great way to represent your heritage.
That's what I was thinking. Do you think I should get it in color or black and white?
I think you should go with what you're most comfortable with. If you're more comfortable with color, then go with that.
Okay, thanks for the advice. I'll let you know how it turns out when I get it done.
Good luck! I'm sure it'll turn out great. I can't wait to see it. What's the tattoo of?
It's a rose. I've been wanting to get one for a long time, but I haven't found the right one yet.
I love roses. I have a tattoo of one on my ankle. It's my favorite flower.
That's so cool! Do you have any other tattoos or piercings or anything?
I have my ears pierced, but that's it. I don't think I'm brave enough to get a tattoo.
You should go for it! It's not as bad as you think, and you can always take them out if you don't like them.
That's a good point. I'll have to think about it. Do you like tattoos?
I love tattoos! I've been thinking about getting one for a while, but I'm not sure what to get.
I have a tattoo of a rose on my ankle. It's my favorite flower.
That sounds beautiful! Do you think you'll get any more tattoos, or are you satisfied with the one you have?
I think I'm satisfied for now. I don't know if I want to get anymore.
That makes sense. I'm sure you have a lot of tattoos already. How many do you have now?
I have three tattoos. They are all of flowers. Do you have any tattoos?
I have one on my wrist. I got it when I was in high school and I still love it.
That's cool. I have a tattoo of a rose on my ankle. I love roses.
Roses are my favorite flower. I would love to get one someday. How long have you been tattooing?
I got my first tattoo when I turned 18. It's of a tiger on my arm.
That's awesome. I've been thinking about getting a tattoo, but I'm not sure what to get.
Do you have any other tattoos or piercings? If so, you could get one of those.
I don't have any others, but that's a good idea. I'll have to think about it.
You could get a tattoo of a rose on your ankle. I think that would be cool.
That's a great idea! I think I'm going to do that. Thank you so much!
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help. I hope you get the tattoo you want. What is it going to be of?
I'm not sure yet. I've been thinking about it for a while, but I haven't made up my mind yet.
I'm sure you'll figure out what you want to get. Do you have any tattoos already?
No, I don't have any yet. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work at a coffee shop. It's not the most glamorous job, but it pays the bills.
That's cool. I wish I could find a job like that. I'd love to be able to work from home.
Yeah, it's nice to have the flexibility to do what I want when I want. What kind of work would you like to do?
I'd like to be a tattoo artist. I've always wanted to be one since I was a kid.
That's awesome. I don't have any tattoos, but I would love to get one someday.
You should get a tattoo of a rose on your ankle. That would be cool. What is your favorite flower?