Do you like meat. I am a meat glutton.
Sure, sometimes! As long as I can afford it.
What is your favorite type of meat?
Chicken, mostly. Its the cheapest and easiest to come by.
Of course. Do you have an hobby at all?
I do :) I like to paint and sometimes I compose music. You?
When I am not reading, you will see me running.
What kind of books do you like to read? And do you work?.
I love sci fi and yes I m a programmer.
Sci fi is nice sometimes, but I prefer tamer things myself. You like your job?
Of course yes I have always loved it since I was living with my parent.
Oh.. Is your boss nice? I dont work under anyone so im curious.
I work part time and he has to be nice or else I will dump him.
Haha, no mercy huh? I cant stand bosses at all, so im luckily self employed.
Have you ever sold one of your paintings?
I have only sold a few as commissions. Nothing fancy though. I would like to have enough pieces to put on a show and maybe sell some there. How many do you think I should have for that?
i would think maybe 10 no more than 12. I think you want enough to showcase your art but no to much to overwhelm anyone. What type of painting do you like to do?
I like to paint landscapes, but all my commissions were for pets. I like to paint with realism. Nothing too fantasy based. I have a friend who wants me to paint Jurassic Park, but I don't like science fiction like you do.
Oh wow, i love looking at realism type painting. I wish i could paint and i can understand not wanting to paint Jurassic park since your not into science fiction i'm pretty sure your friend will understand. What type of painting do you plan to do for your show?
I haven't decided. Maybe I will do something music based since that's one of my other passions. How about you? What have you been programming lately?
I have been working on the game for this big company. It's fun and can get stressful at time but all in all i'm enjoying it and can't wait to finish and see it come together
Maybe one day I will paint the art for one of the games you code. You never know. Could be a fun way to team up.
Oh that would be interesting and fun. You right you never know. i see you said your your own boss. Is painting your full time job are do you own another business?
My music composition is my main source of income. I work freelance and do different things like add piano to an existing song and sometimes I even get to compose a jingle for a commercial!
compose a jingle that sounds like so much phone. Do you plan on doing ore of that?
I prefer to create real music, but if the price is right, I would create more jingles. I work with a tight budget.
That makes sense. I would love to hear some of your music sometime. What kind of music do you make?
I make electronic music. It's a lot of fun, but it's not for everyone.
Electronic music is cool. I don't know much about it, but I've heard of it.
Yeah, it's kind of a niche genre. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I'm a freelance artist. I do a little bit of everything.
That's awesome. Do you have a portfolio of your work? I'd love to check it out.
I do. I'll send it to you when I get home from work. What kind of music do you like?
That would be great. I like a lot of different kinds of music, but my favorite is classic rock.
I like classic rock too. What is your favorite classic rock band? Mine is pink floyd.
I really like the beatles. I think they are the greatest band of all time. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. I wish I could do something like that. I don't know what I want to do with my life.
I'm sure you'll figure it out one day. Do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. What about you?
I enjoy playing video games as well, but I'm not very good at them. What is your favorite video game?
My favorite game is the last of us. Have you ever played it? It's one of my favorites.
I haven't played that one yet, but it's on my list of games to play. What do you like about it?
I really like the story and the characters. It's a very emotional game. What's your favorite game?
I don't have a favorite game, but my favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling.
Harry potter is a great series. Do you have any other hobbies besides playing video games?
I like to read. I also like to cook. What about you? What are your hobbies?
My hobbies are painting and painting landscapes. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book would have to be 1984 by George Orwell. Have you ever read it?
No, I haven't read that one. I will have to check it out. What do you like about that book?
It's a dystopian novel about a totalitarian government. It's very interesting.
That does sound interesting. I'll have to give it a read. Do you like any other books?
I like a lot of books. My favorite author is stephen king. What's your favorite author?
I don't have a favorite author, but I do like to read. I've been reading a lot lately.
That's cool. What have you been reading lately? I'm always looking for new recommendations.
I have been reading the book of mormon by joseph smith. Have you heard of it?
No, I haven't heard of that one. What is it about? Is it like harry potter?
It is a book about mormons in the 1800s. It is more like the bible.
Oh, that sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. Do you have any other book recommendations?
I do not have any recommendations, but I would love to hear what you think of the book.
I'll let you know what I think of it when I get a chance to read it. What's your favorite book?
My favorite book would have to be 1984 by George Orwell. Have you ever read it?
I haven't read it but I've heard of it. It's about a dystopian society, right?
Yes, it is about a totalitarian government that tries to control the thoughts of its citizens.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out sometime. Do you have a favorite author?