Hello! How are you?
I am good, how about you?
Doing good. I invent things what do you do?
I'm a workaholic. Do you like music? I like listening to black sabbath.
I am more into science than music.
That's interesting. What about your hobbies?
Mainly I just invent things I like to teleport myself around the world..
Cool. I like grilling, because I like eating meat.
My current project is a time machine. Have you ever traveled in time?
I haven't. Mainly I just think about how much I have at work.
What type of work do you do?
I'm not really sure. I'm 26, so I'm just starting my career.
Do you like puppies? I adore them!
I don't really have an opinion on puppies.
Has work still been really busy? Have you gotten a chance to take a break?
Yeah I've been super busy. But I haven't been able to settle on a career just yet. Any recommendations?
Well, you could always start a band. Or you could help me build my time machine! Maybe you could be a chef?
That would be awesome! I would love to be your chef. Any particular favorite dishes?
I prefer mexican food and seafood. Chicken enchiladas, tacos, shrimp shish kabob... Any baked fish. I like it all. If you are going to grill, maybe grilled corn and stuffed burgers
Ugh that sounds like a plan. Maybe we can teleport around the world and I'll cook different types of cuisines?
Oh that would be the best thing ever! I love trying new food! Cooking is a science ya know!
Ain't that the truth! Do you have any puppies by the way?
I used to foster puppies, but I am too busy now to deal with them all the time. I do however visit shelters in every city I go to!
Oh how cool. Are you an animal person?
Of course! Puppies are my favorite, but dogs are cool too. It is nice to get to meet as many as possible while jumping from place to place. Maybe when I can move through space and time, I can go meet all the puppies from history!!
But what about the kittens???
Kittens are cute, but they don't have the personality of a dog or a puppy.
That's a good point. I guess I'll just have to wait and see what they're like when they're older.
I think that's the best thing to do. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't. I've been thinking about getting a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I think it's best to get a dog that fits your lifestyle. What kind of dog do you think you would get?
I think I would get a german shepherd. They are very loyal and protective.
That sounds like a good choice. German shephards are great dogs. I have one myself.
What is your dog's name? I would love to see a picture of him/her sometime.
His name is oreo. I'll send you a picture when I get home from work.
That's a great name for a dog. Oreo is a cute name. I look forward to seeing the picture.
Thank you! I'll be sure to send it to you as soon as I can. What's your dogs name?
My dogs name is lucy. She's a german shepherd. Do you have any pets?
I don't, but I'd love to get a dog someday. I just don't have the time right now.
That's understandable. It's hard to find the time to take care of a pet when you have a full time job.
Yeah, that's for sure. I wish I had more time to spend with my pets. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Do you like it?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I do like it, but it's a lot of work.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to pay off your student loans in no time.
I hope so. It's going to be tough, but I think I can do it. How is your job going?
My job is going well. I like it a lot. I get to work with dogs all day.
What kind of dogs do you work with? I've always wanted a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I work with labrador retrievers. They are my favorite breed of dog.
Labradors are great dogs. I used to have one when I was a kid.
They are the best. I love them so much. Do you have any other pets now?
I don't have any pets at the moment, but I would like to get a cat.
I love cats too. I have two of them. I would love to have a german shepherd one day.
German shephards are beautiful dogs, but they are a lot of work to take care of. What kind of cats do you have?
I have a tuxedo cat and a calico cat. They are both rescues.
That's cool. I've never had a cat before. Do they get along with other animals?
They get along great with my dogs. They love to play with them and chase them around the house.
That's adorable. I think I'll get a cat when I move out of my apartment.
I think that's a great idea. You'll have to let me know how it goes when you get one. Do you have a specific breed in mind?
I'm not sure yet, but I'm leaning towards a maine coon. They're beautiful cats.
That's a good choice. Maine coons are gorgeous. I'm sure you'll love it.
I hope so. I've never had a cat before, so I don't know what to expect. Do they require a lot of attention?
They do, but it's worth it. Cats are great companions. They love to cuddle.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll get one after I graduate and get a place of my own.
I think that's a great idea. Do you know what you want to do after you graduate?
I want to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them in any way I can.