Hey! Just go back from a 1000 mile road trip to watch the grateful dead! What are you up to?
Hi! Just at home studying since I have a math test on friday.
That's no fun. Where you go to school?
At morgan high! I'm in the marching band there during the fall.
Cool, my 2 older brothers were both in marching band too. You like it?
I love it since both mom and dad are teachers.
Haha my dad used to be a farmer. Do you have your parents as teachers in school?
Yes they teach english. They want me to be in concert during the season.
Do you wan to be in concert too?
I do because lots of girls are in the band and its fun hanging out.
What instrument do you play for concert?
The violin. Most 16 year olds play violin in concert.
How long have you been playing the violin?
I've been playing for a good five years. Do you play any instruments?
I had to learn how to play the recorder for like 6th grade music. I also took a few violin lessons as a kid, though I hated it. I can do a few small things with a keyboard and know how to use a mixer and dj discs. That is about it.
Hey, that's quite a lot! I can't do most of those things--I play the violin... and that's it.
I mean, that is really good. They are not the easiest thing to play. I always over oiled my bow and when I got frustrated I tended to make the loud screeching sound on purpose to irritate my instructor. She quit on us haha.
Haha, yeah the large screeching sound is not kind to one's ears, that's for sure.
It made me feel better when I didn't feel like I knew what I was doing. Probably a childish thing to do, but I was only like 15 at the time. And I hated it. I couldn't hold my hand right and it hurt my neck. How is school going for ya?
School's going alright. It's a little weird being in my parent's classes, but then again, I guess it's a bit like homeschool. So it's not that bad.
I don't know that homeschool is the same as public. Homeschool only has one or two kids in the same grade and they don't do lessons the same way. I was homeschooled from second grade to graduation. But I can see how it would be uncomfortable or whatever. Like you can't just relax and be your regular away from home self. Gotta act how you do around your parents while with friends but not at home. Must be harsh.
Yeah, there's definitely a bit of that, for sure. I'd say my parents are pretty chill though, so it's not unbearable.
That is a good thing. Mine were too, but my mom would not have been cool in a room full of toddlers or teenagers. She was kinda agro when there were too many kids running around. Which is probably where my impatience came from haha. Do they ever show you favoritism or make it harder on you so nobody thinks they are playing favorites? Do your classmates know they are your parents?
I think they try their best to treat us all equally, which I'm glad about, but my classmates are aware that they're my parents. That's the kind of thing that gets let out in the first week of the school year.
That's good to hear. I think it's important for kids to know who their real parents are.
That's a good way to look at it. Do you think you'll ever have kids of your own?
I'm not sure. I don't think I'm ready to be a parent yet, but maybe someday.
I'm sure you'll be a great parent when the time is right. Have you ever thought about adopting?
I have thought about it, but I am not sure if I would be a good parent or not.
I think you'd be an excellent parent. You seem to have a good head on your shoulders.
Thank you, that is very kind of you to say. I think I would like to adopt a child. How many children do you have?
I have two children. One boy and one girl. Do you have any children of your own?
No, I don't have any kids of my own. I am thinking of adopting a child in the future.
I think that's a great idea. There are so many kids out there that need a loving home.
Yes, there are a lot of kids that need to be adopted. I just don't know if I am ready to be a parent. How old are your kids?
My kids are all in their 20s and 30s. My oldest is in college and my youngest is still in high school.
How old is your oldest? I am not sure if I want to have kids or not.
I'm not sure how old he is. I think he's in his early 20s. I don't think you should have kids if you don't want them.
I think you are right. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
I like playing video games too. I also like to read. What is your favorite video game?
I really like the assassin's creed series. Have you ever played any of those games?
No, I have never played assassins creed. I have heard of it though. What do you like about it?
It's just a really fun game to play. There's a lot to do and it's really fun.
I will have to check it out sometime. Do you have any other hobbies that you enjoy?
I like to go hiking with my family. It's a great way to spend time together.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had more time to do things like that.
I'm sure you have plenty of hobbies. What are some of your favorite things to do?
My favorite thing to do is play video games. I love to play call of duty with my friends.
That sounds fun. What is your favorite video game to play? I'm a big fan of assassin's creed.
I like assassins creed as well. My favorite game is fortnite. Do you play any video games?
No, I don't have much time for video games anymore. I used to play a lot when I was younger.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I also have a parrot.
I've got a dog. He's a golden retriever. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the cutest thing ever.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
They are a lot of work, but they are worth it. They are very loyal and protective. Do you like dogs?
I do like dogs. I just don't know if I have the time to take care of one.
I know what you mean. It's hard to find the time when you are working so much.
I think I would like to adopt a dog from the shelter. I don't want to get one from a breeder. Have you ever adopted a dog?
No, I have never adopted from a shelter before. What kind of dog do you want?
I want a german shepherd. I think it would be a good fit for me.
That's a good choice. German shephards are great dogs. Do you have any pets at home?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. He was a great dog.