Hello! Isn't it such a beautiful day out today!? How are you?
Hello! Yes it is. I am very well, and you?
I am great. Busy day, have lots of after school activities with my 3 kids today..
Oh great! I have grandchildren. They are great and bring me joy..
Yes, kids bring out the best in us!
My family and friends are amazing and I love spending time with them.
That is wonderful. I feel that way too, and about our furry family.
I like to read. What is your favorite activity?
I love farming. I live on one and enjoy tending to the earth!
Wow thats great! I love god, and worshipping him!
Do you work? My job deals with technology!
All I do know is that I would like to live near water.
How many grandchildren do you have now?
I have 5, and they're the joy of my life! How old are your kids?
11. 9. and 7. I can't wait until their old enough to give me grandchildren of my own.
It's amazing how quickly it happens! One day they're in diapers, the next they're off on their own! Cherish it while it lasts.
I do, but It's never too early to plot revenge! lol When they have kids I'm gonna fill them up with sugar and send them home to torture my kids! lol
Haha you've got quite the imagination! I forget just how much trouble those little ones can get into. Try to stay sane!
My kids are pretty good and I love them. They get pretty rambunctious at times though. Always accidentally trampling over crops.
It must be a lot of fun raising kids on a farm, though! What's the major crop you all produce?
Tomatoes which I've genetically engineered.
Wow, so you've got a green thumb, and you're tech savvy! I'm impressed!
Well, my husband does most of the growing. I just work on new breeds of crops that are resistant to trampling!
Haha if you can patent that, you'll be a very wealthy lady!
I hope so! I would love to be able to make a living doing what I love. What do you do for a living?
I work in finance. It pays the bills and allows me to spend time with my grandchildren.
That sounds like a great job. I wish I could do something like that, but I don't think I would be good at it.
You should give it a try. You never know until you try. I think you would be great at it!
Thanks for the encouragement. Maybe I will look into it. How old are your grandkids?
They are all in their 20s and 30s. I am the oldest of all of them.
Wow, that's a big age difference. I bet you have a lot of fun with them!
Yes, I do. I love spending time with them. Do you have any siblings?
No, I'm an only child. I'm glad you get to spend time with your grandchildren.
Me too, I love them so much. I wish I had more time to spend with them though.
I know what you mean. It's hard to find the time when you have so many kids to look after. What do you like to do with them?
I like to take them to the beach and let them play in the waves. They love it.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I don't think I've ever been to a beach before.
You should try it sometime. It is a great way to relax after a long day of work. What have you been up to lately?
I haven't been doing much lately. I've been so busy with work that I've barely had time for myself.
That's too bad. I hope you can find some time to relax soon. What kind of work do you do?
I work in finance. It can be stressful at times, but it pays the bills.
That's great that you have a job that you enjoy. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to spend time with my grandchildren. They are my world. How about you?
I don't have any grandkids yet, but I would love to have some someday.
They are the best part of my life. I can't imagine my life without them. How many kids do you have?
I have two kids, a boy and a girl. They're a handful but I wouldn't trade them for the world.
How old are they? Do they have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
They're 8 and 10. They have a cat and a dog as well. What's your dog's name?
His name is duke. He's a german shepherd. Do you have any kids?
That's a great name for a dog. I don't have kids yet, but I hope to someday.
It's a lot of work, but it's totally worth it. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an english bulldog. I love him to death, but he's a handful.
How old is he? I love bulldogs. They're so cute and fluffy.
He's 5 years old. I've had him since he was a puppy. They are the best dogs.
They really are. I wish I could have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
That's a bummer. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get one soon. What do you do for a living?
I work in finance. It pays the bills, but I would love to have a pet.
That makes sense. Do you have any pets at home? I have a cat and a dog.
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. What kind of music do you like to listen to? Do you play any instruments?
I listen to all kinds of music. I play the piano and the drums. What about you?
That's cool. I like listening to classical music. What's your favorite classical composer?
I like beethoven and mozart. What is your favorite genre of music?
I like classical as well. I also like jazz. Do you like any other genres?