Hello, how are you doing today?
Not too bad, how are you?
Not too shabby. Whats your favorite food?
Have you ever heard of cornish pastys? I really like those!
No I haven't. I'll have to check into it. I favor seafood mainly.
I like seafood too. Do you like walking on the beach?
Beaches, hiking, learning new languages.
How many languages do you speak?
4 fluently. Hoping it will be useful for my marketing degree.
I am fluent in spanish and english. Are you still in high school?
No. I currently am in college finishing up my masters degree.
Oh cool, guess what I'm doing next week?
I have been very busy during the last week as I had to prepare myself for final exams. I just took the last one this morning and now I have one week ahead of me to take some deep breath from everything. The weather is very nice. I bet there will be a huge crowd coming to the beach this weekend to take a sun shower. How interested are you for a morning walk on the beach this weekend? After that we can have the lunch at the great seafood restaurant that has been recently opened by the beach. What do you think?
I would love to walk on the beach this weekend! The weather is supposed to be great. Lunch at that restaurant sounds great, too.
Wonderful! Do you like oysters? I think they have a special on them, depending on what time you go.
I love oysters. That would be wonderful! You are really good at planning outtings. Do you go out much?
Not lately, as school has been really hectic. On top of that, I'm trying to keep my spending at bay, though I do love to splurge on oysters once in a while!
That makes a lot of sense. I love going out, but I've been spending a lot of time inside lately, catching up on movies and reading.
Do you have a busy work schedule? I'm curious as to what you do!
I guess I have a pretty regular schedule. I work in an office. It's not too exciting, but it pays the bills. haha
That's always a good thing! I'm trying to mentally prepare for being in an office. I'm ready to be done with school, but I suppose the grass is always greener haha.
Yeah, it's just a different kind of busy. haha The most important things are just do your job as best you can and keep out of coworker drama.
How long have you been at your current company?
A couple years now. It's a pretty good company. I'm hoping to try for a higher position maybe next year.
That's good to hear. I hope you get that promotion. What do you do for work?
I work as an accountant. It pays the bills and allows me to do what I love.
That sounds like a good job to have. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and watch the sunset. What about you? What are your hobbies?
That sounds nice. My hobbies are playing video games, watching movies, and listening to music.
What kind of music do you listen to? Do you play any instruments or do you just listen?
I listen to all kinds of music. I play piano, guitar, and drums.
How long have you been playing drums? I've always wanted to learn how to play an instrument.
I've been playing the drums since I was a kid. It's a lot of fun.
That's awesome! Do you have any tips for a beginner like me to learn to play?
I think the best advice I can give you is to have fun with it. Don't take it too seriously.
I'll keep that in mind. Thanks for the advice! I'll let you know how it goes.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did when I first started playing. Have fun!
I'm sure I will. Do you play any other instruments or just the piano?
I used to play the drums when I was younger, but I haven't played in a long time.
That's cool. I wish I knew how to play an instrument. I've always wanted to learn.
You should give it a try! It's not as hard as you think it is. What kind of music do you like?
I like a lot of different kinds of music. I don't really have a favorite genre.
What is your favorite type of music to listen to? Do you listen to classical music a lot?
Classical music is my favorite. I do listen to it a lot. Do you like it?
I do like it, but I'm not as familiar with it as I'd like to be. What's your favorite classical composer?
I really like beethoven. Have you ever listened to his piano concertos?
No, I've never heard of him. I'll have to check him out. I've heard of mozart, but that's about it.
Mozart is really good too. He's one of the most influential composers of all time.
I'll definitely have to give him a listen. I'm always looking for new music to listen to. How is work going for you?
Work is going well. It's a little hectic at times, but I enjoy it.
That's good to hear. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as an accountant at a law firm. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school, if I may ask?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to work with them.
That's a great career choice. I'm sure you'll be able to find a job easily once you graduate.
Thank you, I hope so. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and watch the sunset. It's one of my favorite things to do.
That sounds so relaxing. I wish I had the time to do that. What is your favorite beach to visit?
I really like the beaches in florida. The water is so clear and the sand is so soft.
That sounds nice. I've never been to florida, but I've always wanted to go.
It's a great place to visit. The beaches are beautiful and there's so much to do there. What beaches have you been to?
I've been to lake michigan beaches a few times. They're really nice.
That sounds lovely. I haven't been to a beach in a long time. Do you like to surf?
I have never surfed in my life. I don't think I would be very good at it.