Hi how are u today?
I am good. Getting ready to pick my son up from school. How about you?
Not bad just finished class awhile ago.
Are you in college? I am thinking of going back to school.
Yes currently. If my dad wasnt a famous musician I wouldnt be able to afford it.
Oh what band is your dad in?
He does the piano for the san fransisco phil symphony.
That's awesome. I used to go to the symphony when I was a kid in britain.
Do u like music? I love paramore.
I do like music. Mainly classic and alternative rock.
Do u have siblings? I have a sister who teaches.
Yes my sister is back in england. I moved to the us 10 years ago.
Do you have any pets? I have a bunch.
I have one dog. What type of pets do you have?
How did you enjoy living in England compared to the states?
Oh it's a big cultural shock, but I like it a lot. How do you like San Francisco?
When I go visit my dad, I do like to go to the big bridge. I do prefer to stay near my dorm though. It is so hard to be away from my fur babies.
What kind of course are you taking?
Equine science. I am thinking about going to vet school or else maybe studying more about cattle ranching
So cool! I hope you fulfill those wishes. So are you an animal person?
Oh yeah. I am way into all animals. I have studied some marine biology when I was on summer in high school, and got to do some scuba diving. But When I got out of HS, I decided I wanted to work with horses. Especially since my dog was bred to be a cattle animal.
That sounds like the perfect work for you then! How many pets do you have?
I have a dog, twin calico cats, a aquarium that is full of different creatures from the deep, a family of rats, a chipmunk, two parakeets and an ant farm. What about you? You ever had pets?
Holy cow! You've got a whole zoo. I've got one dog, his name is Hank. I love him to death.
Oh yeah, I meant besides him lol. I would love to hear about any other pets you have ever had. I don't quite have a zoo. I did let the owl go, and I rehomed my lizards. I do plan on getting a snake before too long.
A snake?? That's cool. I also have five cats, but they're just strays that I feed outside.
Yeah, I've always wanted to have a pet snake. I think it would be a lot of fun.
Do you think you'll get one from a breeder or adopt one from the shelter?
I think I'd prefer to adopt from a shelter, but I'm not sure which one to go to.
I think that's a good idea. I don't know much about snakes but I do know that it's important to get them from a reputable breeder.
That's good to know. I'll have to do some research. Do you have any other pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What about you?
I've got a dog, a cat, and a parakeet. I've been thinking about getting a snake.
That sounds like a lot of pets! I would love to have a pet snake one day.
I think it would be cool to have one as a pet. What kind of snake would you get?
I think I would get a python. I think they are the coolest snakes.
Pythons are really cool. I have never seen one in real life, but I have seen pictures of them.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them both.
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog, though. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. He is the sweetest dog ever.
Oh, I love labs. I had one when I was a kid. They are so sweet.
Labs are the best! What kind of dog do you have now? I love all dogs, but labs are my favorite.
I have an australian shepherd now. She is the best dog ever!
That's awesome! I've always wanted to get one, but I'm not sure if I have the time to take care of one.
They are a lot of work, but they are so worth it. Do you have any pets now?
No, I don't have time for a pet right now. Maybe in the future I'll get one.
That would be a good idea. What do you like to do for fun in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and surf. It's so relaxing to me.
That does sound relaxing. I wish I had more free time to do things like that. How long have you been surfing?
I've been doing it since I was a kid. I used to surf with my dad all the time.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to try it, but I'm afraid of sharks.
I've never seen a shark in the ocean. I'm sure you'll be fine. Do you have any other hobbies?
No, not really. I don't have much time for hobbies since I work so much.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for work, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? I'm studying to be a veterinarian.
I am studying psychology. I am hoping to become a counselor someday.
That would be a great job. Do you have any siblings? I have a brother and a sister.
Yes, I have two brothers and two sisters. How old are your brother and sister?
My brother is in his mid 20s and my sister is in her mid 30s. They are both married with kids.
Wow, that's a big age difference. I'm the oldest in my family and I'm in my mid 40s.
I am the youngest in mine and I am in my early 20s. How is your family doing?
My family is doing well, thank you for asking. We're all in our early 30s as well.
I am glad to hear that. Do you have any plans to go to the beach this summer?
I would love to, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to get the time off from work.
That is a bummer. I hope you can get some time off. I am sure you would enjoy it.