Hey! I was just listening to sublime. Ska is awesome!
I love sublime! What do you do for a living?
I'm a doctor's assistant. What about you?
I'm unemployed at the moment while I'm in college.
Ah, what college? I miss my college days!
The one in my home town because my mother runs it.
Ah, good deal. What are you studying?
Coaching classes because I play soccer.
Nice. I've never been much for sports. Unless you consider fishing a sport!
I do. So, any brothers or sisters? I'm an only child.
Same here. Wish I had a brother to fish with growing up though.
Me too. Well, is there anything else you can tell me about yourself?
I love the ocean. Just bought a condo near the beach. Party central!
Right on! I've been partying at the dorms.
I've been listening to a lot more Sublime over the last week. What's your favorite song that they wrote?
I love so many of their songs, it's hard to pick a favorite. Santeria is a good one though, have you heard it?
Is that the one about wine? or am I thinking of a different song.
I could be wrong, but I believe you are thinking of a different one. Do you ever go out to the beach and listen to Sublime?
No, when I'm on the beach I like to just listen to the waves. It's very soothing. Where do you usually listen to their music?
Usually when I am doing my studying for college. It helps me relax and focus on my studies. It even helped me get through my finals this past month.
That's better than having to ask your mom for help! So did you do well on your finals?
I did very well thank you for asking. I have my music to thank for that, really helped me absorb the knowledge from my studying.
I understand that. WHen I was studying to be a doctor's assistant, I used to put on Baroque music.
Did you find that it helped you, and how is your job as a doctor's assistant going?
Yes, it has the same beat as a human heart at rest so it helps to keep from getting stressed. It's going pretty well my boss is really funny.
That is great. Do you still listen to Baroque music at your job or not as much anymore?
I don't listen to it as much but I still enjoy it from time to time. What kind of music do you like?
I listen to a lot of classical music. My favorite composer is beethoven.
That's cool. I like to listen to classical as well. Have you been to any concerts lately?
No, I haven't been to a concert in a while. I would like to go to one soon.
That would be fun. I went to a classical concert a few months ago. It was great.
That sounds like it would be a good time. Do you have any other hobbies besides listening to music?
No, not really. I don't have much time for hobbies since I work so much.
That makes sense. What kind of music did you listen to at the concert? I love classical music.
I listened to sublime. They are my favorite band. What is your favorite classical artist?
I like beethoven and mozart. Have you been to any concerts lately?
No, I haven't been to a concert in a while. I would like to go to one soon.
That would be fun. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have pets, but I would love to get a dog. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. What kind of music do you like?
I listen to a lot of classical music. My favorite composer is sublime.
Sublime is a good band. I like them too. What is your favorite song by them?
I like all of their songs, but my favorite would have to be romeo and juliet.
I like that one too. It's a good one. Do you like any other bands?
I like the beatles and pink floyd, but I don't listen to them as much as I used to.
I haven't listened to them in a long time. I'll have to give them a listen.
Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do in your spare time besides listening to music?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. What about you?
I like playing video games as well. I also like to watch movies and tv shows. What is your favorite video game?
I really like assassin's creed. I've been playing it a lot lately. What's your favorite tv show?
I like game of thrones. Have you heard of it? It's a great show. Do you like any other tv shows?
No, I haven't heard of that one. I don't watch much tv. I prefer to read.
Have you read any good books lately? I'm trying to find a good book to read myself.
I have been reading a lot of romance novels lately. I really enjoy them. What kind of books do you like?
I'm a big fan of mystery and suspense novels. What are some of your favorites?
I really like the harry potter series. I also like the hunger games. What is your favorite genre?
I like sci-fi and mystery. Harry potter is one of my favorites too.
That's cool. Do you have a favorite character? I really liked harry and his friends.
I like harry a lot too. It's hard to choose a favorite because there are so many good characters.
Yeah, there are a lot of good characters in the books and movies. What's your favorite book or movie?
My favorite book is the dark tower by stephen king. I haven't seen the movie yet.
I've never read that one, but I've heard good things about it. Have you read any of his other books?
I have read the stand and the shining. I liked the stand but not as much as the other two.
That's good to know. I'll have to check them out sometime. I'm always looking for new books to read.
What is your favorite genre to read? Mine is sci-fi/fantasy.
I like sci fi and fantasy as well. Do you have any recommendations for me?