I really like to scuba dive, how about you?
Not really, I prefer going to the gym.
Im an x marine I love going to the gym never gave up that hobby.
Do you have any other hobbies?
Yes I breed snakes,and and other reptiles pays pretty well to be honest.
Thats very cool! I like driving my wrangler.
I love driving my jeep when im in hawaii especially around honolulu.
I hear they have great vegan food in hawaii.
Yeah they do very much so,i moved there after my divorce from my wife.
Hope youre having fun out there.
I love it here so much after 3 times of going I decided to stay.
Ill have to go check it out with my husband.
Sounds like a plan you too wont regret it!
He is a lawyer we always talk about going.
I would love to get together if you and your husband decide to visit Hawaii.
That would be fantastic! Are you based in Honolulu?
Yes I am. Honolulu is the place to be. Hopefully you can her down here soon.
I'd love that! Do you have any suggestions as to where we should stay while we're there?
There is a very nice hotel that i could get you a discount at i will email you all the details.
You're awesome! My husband has been so stressed with work lately that I think he's due for a vacation.
Oh yeah work can for sure get to you sometimes. Honestly you both deserve a well rested break to relax.
It's very true. How crowded do the beaches tend to get? Are there any secrets to getting a good spot?
Yeah it for sure gets busy here during peak times, but as a local i know all the best spots that only the people that live here know about. I will give you a grand tour of all the best places.
I can't wait! In my experience, trips are always better when you know a local.
Yeah they are the locals seem to know all the trade secrets to a great vacation without being in the middle of the chaos.
How long ago was your divorce, if I may ask? I know you moved there afterwards.
It was about a year and a half ago. I moved to hawaii to get away from it all.
Oh wow, that's a big move! How are you adjusting to the change of scenery?
I'm adjusting pretty well. I miss my friends and family, but I think it's for the best.
That's good to hear. I'm sure it'll take some time to get used to, but it'll be worth it in the end.
That's what I keep telling myself. I can't wait to get out of here. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That's cool. I wish I could do something like that. I don't know what I want to do with my life.
It's never too late to go back to school and get a degree in something that interests you. What would you like to do?
I think I would like to be a veterinarian. I love animals and would love to help them.
I think that's a great career choice. There are so many animals out there that need help.
Yes, there are a lot of animals that need to be helped. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. They are both rescues from the local animal shelter.
That's great. I wish I had a dog, but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can get a hypoallergenic dog. Have you thought about that?
That's a good idea. I hadn't thought of that. I'll have to look into it.
I hope you can find one that fits your lifestyle. What kind of dog do you have now?
I have an australian shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That sounds like a great dog. Do you take him to the beach with you when you go surfing?
Yes, I take him with me when I surf. He loves to swim in the ocean.
That's awesome. I wish I could surf, but I'm not very good at it.
You should give it a try. It's not that hard once you get the hang of it. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
That's cool. I like playing video games as well. What's your favorite video game to play?
I really like the assassin's creed series. Have you ever played any of those games?
No, I haven't played those games. Do you have any other hobbies that you enjoy?
Not really. I don't have much time for hobbies since I'm so busy with work.
That makes sense. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Are you enjoying it?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I'm really enjoying it so far.
That's great! I'm glad you're enjoying it. What made you want to become a vet?
I've always loved animals and wanted to help them in any way I could. Do you have any pets?
I do! I have a dog and a cat. What kind of animals do you work with?
I work with a lot of dogs and cats. I love them so much. What is your dog's name?
His name is boomer. He's a german shepherd. How long have you been working with dogs?
That's a great name for a dog. I've been working at the animal shelter for a few years now.
That's awesome! I volunteer at the local shelter as well. What do you do there?
I take the dogs out for walks and play fetch with them. Do you have any pets of your own?
That sounds fun. I don't have any dogs, but I do have a cat. She's a sweetheart.
What is your cat's name? I've always wanted a cat but I'm allergic to them.