What kind of car do you own? I have a jeep.
I don't own my own car! I actually really enjoying walking and running, but then again, I live in a small town and semi-close to work.
Ah I see! I like going to the gym to work out.
I'm a computer programmer. What do you do for work.
I work in marketing. Do you have any hobbies?
I love to grill! I love meat, especially steak.
Oh neat! I don't eat meat but I do like some grilled veggies.
My family is from alaska. Where are you from?
I'm from new england. It must be cold up there.
It's so cold! I think thats why I love wearing warm pants!
Haha I feel you. I love wearin warm pants in the winter.
Do you play any sports?
Did you manage to go out on a run today?
Yes I actually was able too. I am considering joining the local gym. Do you prefer going to the gym?
I do actually. I like the controlled environment. I don't want to have to depend on the weather consider where I live.
Thats why i am thinking about it. I hate to have to run when its raining, and I feel like it rains here all the time.
A lot of gyms have tracks so that you can run indoors. Hey, have you thought about maybe buying a treadmill and using that at home?
I am defiantly considering getting one. Im just trying to figure out what i would do more. Go to the gym and actually do more than just running, or sticking to what i know and getting a treadmill.
Oh, that's true. I hadn't thought about all of that. You're right. With a gym there is a whole lot of options for what you can do. Do you have some good gyms near you?
They have just built one in the small town really close to me and it looks pretty decent. Before that it was like an hour drive.
With you not owning a car going to any others would probably be difficult. Well, do you have any good parks and running trails nearby?
Yeah exactly. There is a super nice little running trail that is pretty decent.
Hey, do you run with anyone? I mean, have you joined a club or will you if you haven't?
There is any around here maybe i could start one. Thank you for that idea.
You're welcome. I think it's a great way to meet new people and make new friends.
I think you are right. I need to get out of my comfort zone and meet some new people. How long have you been running?
I've been running since I was a teenager. It's one of my favorite things to do.
That's awesome. I wish I had more time to do things like that. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to read. I'm a big fan of stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't. I don't know much about him. What is your favorite book of his?
I really like the dark tower series. I've read all of them except for the last one.
I've never read that one. I'll have to check it out. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I work at a coffee shop as a barista. I love it.
That sounds fun too. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to read a lot. I'm a big fan of stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't. I don't know much about him. What is your favorite book of his?
I really like the dark tower series. I think it's my favorite book series of all time.
I've never read that one either. I'll have to check it out. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's not the most glamorous job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job to me. I wish I could find a job like that. Do you like your job?
I do like my job. I get to talk to a lot of interesting people, and it's a great way to meet new people.
That's great. I'm glad you enjoy your job. How long have you been working there?
I've been working here for about a year and a half. I like it a lot, but I'm ready for something new.
Wow, that's a long time to work at a coffee shop. What do you do there?
I'm a barista. It's a fun job, but there's not much room for advancement.
That makes sense. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them.
No, I don't have pets. I'd like to get a dog, though. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. They are great dogs. What kind of dog do you want?
I want a german shepherd. I've always wanted one, but they're so expensive.
They are expensive but they are worth every penny. German shephards are very loyal and protective of their owners.
That's good to hear. I'll have to look into getting one. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to go hiking in the mountains. It is so peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had more time to do things like that.
It is a great way to unwind after a long day at work. You should try it sometime. What have you been up to lately?
I haven't been doing much lately. I've been so busy with work that I don't have much time for myself.
That's too bad. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a financial analyst for an insurance company. It can be very stressful at times.
That does sound stressful, but I'm sure it's worth it to be able to help people.
Yes, it is very rewarding. Do you have any hobbies that you do for fun?
I like to read a lot. It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mystery and thrillers.
Mystery is a good genre. I also like thriller books. What's your favorite mystery book?
My favorite book is by stephen king. Have you heard of him? He is my favorite author.