Hi there! How are you?
I am fine, it is stressful leaving the state.
Oh no! I bet. It would be hard for me as I am so shy.
Oh really I like meeting people a lot. Well I am moving next month.
That's too bad. Where are you going?.
Neighboring state. I like the weather there..
Is it warmer? I always wanted to go to florida, but my dad was too overprotective.
Oh yeah, and it does not snow heavily..
Good! I shop online to avoid going out in snow. I love doing that anyway.
I went to a strict school but it does not stop me from loving football.
I'm a homebody. I just stay home with my kids and watch movies. I love it.
You should be some mommy's boy. My dad used to bee the headmaster in my school.
My kids and I saw a very funny movie.
Nice... was it an animation movie?
You know me too well...yes! It was really cute with lovable characters. It is on Netflix and it's called Chloe. Watch it!
I sure will! I can’t believe I missed it on Netflix. Maybe tonight :)
It will cheer you up after a long work day, for sure!
Yup... that’s my favorite way to unwind!
Have you hired movers yet?
No, I’m just waiting to finish up with packing my stuff to have an idea of how much stuff. Probably by next week!
Moving can be stressful with so much to do. But, worth it once you settle into the new place!
True... it’s been crazy! Can’t wait to be all settled in at my new place.
Have you thought about a color scheme yet to decorate around?
Thankfully the interior decorator is taking care of that!
That's good to hear. What color are you going to go with for the walls and ceiling?
The ceiling is going to be a light grey, and the walls will be a lighter grey.
That sounds like it will look great. I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun decorating.
I hope so. I want to make it look like it belongs in a museum. Do you like museums?
I do, but I haven't been to one in a while. I need to get out more.
Do you have any recommendations on where to go? I would love to go to a new one.
I've been to a few in new orleans. They have some really cool exhibits.
I'll have to look into that. I've always wanted to visit new york. Have you ever been there?
I've never been there, but it's on my list of places to visit. I'd love to see the statue of liberty.
That would be really cool to see. I'm not sure I've ever seen one in person.
I've seen pictures of it online, but I'd like to see it in person as well. What's your favorite museum?
I really like art museums, so I would have to say the art institute of chicago.
I've heard of that one. It's supposed to be really good. I haven't been there yet.
I would love to go to new orleans someday. Have you been there before?
No, I've never been there. I've been to florida a few times, though.
That's cool. What is your favorite part of florida? Do you like the beaches?
My favorite part is the food. I love mexican food. And yes, I love the beach.
Mexican food is the best! Do you have a favorite place in florida to eat at?
I would have to say taco bell is my favorite place to eat. What's your favorite food?
I love tacos and burritos. I also love chinese food. What about you?
Tacos are my favorite food as well. Do you live near a chinese buffet?
No, I don't. I wish I did. What is your favorite thing to eat there?
My favorite thing is the chicken fried rice. It's so good. Have you ever had it?
I haven't, but I would love to try it sometime. I love fried chicken.
It's really good. You should try it some time. Where do you like to go to the beach?
I usually go to lake michigan. It is so peaceful and relaxing there.
That sounds nice. I've never been to the lake. What do you do when you go there?
I like to sit by the water and listen to the waves crashing against the shore.
That sounds so relaxing. I'm going to have to try that next time I go there.
I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. What kind of music do you listen to?
I listen to a lot of classical music. It's my favorite genre to listen to.
That's cool. I don't listen to much classical, but I do like it. What is your favorite classical composer?
I'm a big fan of beethoven. He's one of my favorite composers.
I've never heard of him. I'll have to check him out. What's your favorite song by him?
I would have to say my favorite song of his is "detroit rock city." Have you ever listened to it?
No, I haven't. I will have to give it a listen. I'm always looking for new music.
I would love to hear what you think of it. Do you listen to a lot of music?
Not as much as I used to. It's hard to find time to listen to music these days.
I know what you mean. I have a hard time finding time to go to concerts.
That's too bad. I hope you can find some time soon. What's your favorite concert you've been to?