Hi, there! How are you today?
I am doing great today, on my way to college right now. How about you?
College, very cool. I'm going hiking, myself. What are you studying?
Studying sports medicine, just incase I stop playin soccer.
My neighbor john -- fantastic guy -- love him -- got kicked playing and can't play anymore.
Looking for a job at school is hard, but lucky enough my mother runs the school.
Lucky! Sports are great - they really show how all can work equally..
Yea I play soccer since I dont have any sibling.
Good way to socialize. Did you vote? I never vote.
No I didnt have a chance to vote yet. Did you?
No, I never vote. I'm a kind enough person, but the candidates are a bunch of jerks.
Yea the candidates lately has not been good enough to vote on.
Well, it's been great talking to you! Have a great day!
Have a great day! Be safe hiking.
I just finished my hike a couple of minutes ago, and I heard from a friend that they're hosting a soccer game this Saturday. I was wondering if you were interested in joining, it seems like fun and its probably not going to be too serious.
How was your hike? Good I hope! Yes, that sounds great! I'd love to join in the fun.
it was a 5 mile hike and the trail was not managed well so it was rough but the view was great. Im hoping they fix the trail though it wasnt safe
Oh no! That's disappointing to hear. Glad you made it back out safe tho!
I think it was all the bad weather. Lots of trees down on the paths and a lot of loose rocks. Dave went with and he twisted his ankle.
It def. seems that way. I hope he's okay! Hopefully they'll get the path cleared for next time or either rope the path off till further notice.
Hes gonna be fine. He still wants to play saturday too if its not sore
good deal! What time are we playing Saturday?
3pm at the park. That way we can have lunch settle so nobody pukes.
Yea...we don't need that. That sounds like a good time.
Make sure you bring plenty of water, they fountain there has a funny taste
thanks for letting me know! I can't handle funny tasting water, lol Should I bring a cooler with bottled water for everybody?
I think that would be a good idea, I'm sure there will be a lot of people there
Thanks for the suggestion, I will make sure to do that. I am sure you will have a great time!
I hope so, it's been a long time since I've been to a concert. Have you been to any concerts recently?
No, I haven't been to one in a while. I would like to go to one soon though.
That would be fun. What kind of music do you like? Do you have a favorite artist?
I like all kinds of music. My favorite artist is jimi hendrix. What about you?
That's cool. I like a lot of music too. I really like the beatles. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them too. Who is your favorite beatle? Mine is john lennon.
That's a tough one. I think I would have to go with george harrison.
That is a good choice. He was a great songwriter. Have you been to any concerts lately?
No, I haven't been to a concert in a while. I would love to go to a beatles concert though.
That would be fun. I have never been to one, but I would like to go someday.
I hope you get to go one day. It would be great to see them in concert. Do you have a favorite beatles song?
I like a lot of their songs, but my favorite has to be let it be. What is yours?
Let it be is one of my favorites as well. I also really like I am the walrus.
I've never heard that one. I'll have to give it a listen. What other bands do you like?
I really like the beatles and the rolling stones. What are some of your favorite bands?
I like the stones too. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers.
I have never heard of them. I will have to check them out. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to college.
That sounds like a good job. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog, but I'm not sure if I have the time to take care of one.
That's a good point. Dogs are a lot of work. What kind of dog would you like?
I think I'd like a german shepherd or a husky. I like big dogs.
German shephards are great dogs. I had one when I was younger and he was a great dog.
That's good to hear. I've never had a dog before, so I'm a little nervous. How long did it take you to train your dog?
It took me about a month to train him. He was very obedient and easy to train.
Oh, that's not too long at all. I'm so excited to get a dog. Do you think you'll get another one?
I'm not sure. I don't have a lot of time to take care of one right now.
That's too bad. I hope you can find the time soon. What kind of dog do you want?
I really want a german shepherd. I think they are the cutest dogs.
That's a good choice. German shephards are great dogs. I had one when I was a kid.
Do you have any pets now? I have a dog and a cat. I love them both.
I do not, but I would love to get a dog one day. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. My cat is a tuxedo cat.
I love labs. I have always wanted one. Do you think you will ever get another dog?
I'm not sure. I don't have the time to take care of a dog right now.
That's too bad. I hope you can find the time in the future. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to give them a listen. What's your favorite song by them?