What is your favorite food?
Popcorn.
I love to eat meat, steak is probably my favorite.
Do you like to watch movies?
I like to workout so I'd rather go on a run then watch a movie.
Where do you buy your running shoes?
I don't have a store that I always buy them from.
Do you prefer going to a store in person, or shopping online?
Well I am a programmer so I do like to do things on my computer.
Do you listen to music?
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
I enjoy country music, how about you?
I don't have a preferene.
What are your hobbies, outside of running?
I was scrolling my email inbox this morning that I noticed an invitation for a music festival in my inbox. I will be held next weekend. It has written that there will be several music performances including country music. The invitation is for two individuals , so you can bring one guest with you. I'm not a fan of music and even if I was, I could not attend the event this weekend since I have to finalize a project. So I thought this might be interesting for you.
Oh, I'd be very interested, since it's a country music concert. Who's playing?
All the best country artists. I've heard that Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton will be making an appearance.
Ooh, Dolly Parton *and* Johnny Cash? That's excellent! Now I'm very excited! Let me get you something in return. Hmmm... there are some mail order steak places where you can order online, directly from a farm. What cut(s) of beef do you like?
Oh wow how kind of you, I can't believe you remembered it's my favourite. I love rib eye steak. Have you ordered from there before?
I never done mail-order steak before, but I've always wanted to try it out, since it's cheap and much higher quality than the stuff you can get at your average grocery store's meat section. Guess I can also use you as a guinea pig, haha!
Yeah I'm trying my best to support independent these days. Screw the corporations! I've even thought about setting up my own farm day, we all have dreams right?
That sounds like an awesome dream! And yeah, I try to buy local as much as I can. At least I know for sure that I'm helping out a member of my community when I'm doing that.
If the farm dream doesn't play out, I can always rely on my back up plan of winning the lottery ;) Ever thought about what you'd do with a few million dollars?
Haha, I think about it all the time. I'd pay off my mortgage, stick the rest in VTSAX, and become a self-funded country musician.
Ahhh that sounds like a good dream. Unlimited holidays... it would be so sweet. Do you play any instruments?
I play the guitar! I guess that'd make sense too, since, you know, I'm a fan of country music and all.
That's awesome. I wish I knew how to play an instrument. I've always wanted to learn to play the piano.
It's never too late to learn! I'm sure there are plenty of online tutorials out there. Have you ever played any other instruments before?
No, I've never played another instrument before. I don't even know how to read music.
Oh, that's too bad. Maybe you could try learning to read sheet music. It's not too hard once you get the hang of it.
That's a good idea. I'll look into it. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
That's cool. I like video games too, but I'm not very good at them. What's your favorite video game?
I really like halo 3. Have you ever played it? It is my favorite game of all time.
No, I haven't played that one. I don't have an xbox. What is it about?
It is a first person shooter game. You play as a marine fighting aliens.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. Do you play any other video games?
Yes, I play a lot of video games. I am a big fan of the assassin's creed series.
I've never played assassins creed, but I've heard good things about it. What do you like about it?
I really like the storyline and the characters. I also like that the game is set in egypt.
That's really cool. I like that it's set in ancient times. I think that would be really interesting to learn about.
I think so too. I would like to learn more about the pyramids. What is your favorite part of the game?
My favorite part would have to be the part where you play as a marine fighting aliens.
That sounds like it would be a lot of fun. Do you have any other games you like to play?
My favorite game is assassin's creed. I've been playing it since it came out.
I haven't played that one yet, but I've heard good things about it. What do you like about it?
I like that I can play it on my xbox one. I also like the story line.
That's cool. I don't have an xbox but I do have a ps4. What's the storyline about?
It is set in egypt and you play as an assassin trying to take down the pyramids.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. Do you play any other video games?
Yes, I play a lot of call of duty. I am not very good at it though.
I haven't played that in a long time. I used to play it a lot when I was younger.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I also have a parrot.
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get one, but I'm not sure what kind of pet to get.
I think you should get a dog. They are great companions. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite is classical. Do you like classical music?
Yes, I do. I listen to a lot of classical and jazz. What is your favorite classical composer?
I like mozart and beethoven. Have you ever listened to either of them?
No, I haven't. I'll have to give them a listen. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
Do you have a favorite genre of music? I've been listening to classical a lot lately.
I love classical as well. It's so calming and soothing. What's your favorite piece?
My favorite piece would have to be hamilton by benjamin franklin. I can't get enough of it.
I've never heard of that one. What is it about it that makes you like it so much?
It's just a beautiful piece of music. It reminds me of my childhood. Do you play any musical instruments?
I used to play the piano when I was younger, but I haven't played in a long time.
That's so cool. I wish I could play an instrument. I don't know how to play any instruments.