Hi, I'm shelby, nice to meet you!
Hi shelby, I'm jessica! What are you up to right now?
Not much, I'm just looking at websites, to find a new house. You?
I just finished meeting some clients, so now im on lunch break and eating pizza :).
Awesome, I'm looking for something bigger, to accommodate my big family.
Nice! I wish I had a big family. I only live with my mom, a nurse.
Small families are great, too! I live with my parents still, at the beach.
Cool! Thats awesome. :) do you have any hobbies?
I love riding horses, I think they're awesome, you?
Ive never ridden a horse so thats awesome! I mostly just watch sports, like football.
I'm not much of a sports fan, I love the country though.
Country music? Ppl think im into that because im blonde, but ive never listened!
Yes, and country living, I'm thinking of buying my house in the country. :).
I heard it's beautiful in the country :) I hope you enjoy yourself!
I found a house that I really want!
Congratulations. Was it out in the country like you were hoping/
Yes, I found a lovely big house with lots of land. Perfect for y family.
Very cool. Are you thinking about homesteading or just having land to live on and away from others?
I think just having the land to stay away from everyone else at the moment. How about you? Have you ever lived in the country?
Yes, I used to live in the middle of nowhere in Mississippi. I loved the space and freedom out there. But I wanted to make more moves in my career so I moved.
That can be the problem, not always the career opportunities away from the cities. If I get a horse you will have to come and learn to ride.
Im scared of horses. Too big for me. I prefer my Golden Retriever.
That's a shame. Riding is a great way to feel part of the country. Do you have a dog or is it something you want in the future?
I have a golden retriever named maggie. Shes nine years old.
Cool name. If i had a dog I would call him Jeff.
Jeff is a good name too. Very popular these days.
I think it's a great name for a dog. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to go to the beach and surf. It's a lot of fun. How about you?
That sounds fun. I don't surf, but I do like to swim in the ocean.
That's fun too. Do you have any pets? I have two dogs and a cat.
I have a dog, but he doesn't like to be in the water with me. What kind of dogs do you have?
I have an australian shepherd and a chihuahua.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog. Do they get along with your cats?
They get along pretty well. I have to keep them separated when I'm not home so they don't get into each other's food.
That's good. I don't have a lot of time to take care of a pet right now.
I know what you mean. It's hard to find the time when you're working so much. Do you have any pets at home?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What about you?
I have two dogs as well. One is a labrador retriever and the other is a german shepherd.
That's so cool. I wish I had a dog. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I look for a better job.
That's a good way to look at it. I don't know what I want to do with my life.
I'm sure you'll figure it out eventually. Do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
I like to go to the beach and surf. That's my favorite thing to do.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've never been surfing, but I've always wanted to try.
You should try it sometime. It's a great way to relax after a long day at the hospital. What have you been up to lately?
I've been trying to learn how to play the piano. I'm not very good at it yet.
That's really cool. I wish I could play an instrument. I don't have the patience for it.
I'm sure you could if you really wanted to. You just have to find the motivation. What kind of music do you like?
I like a lot of different kinds of music. I like classical and jazz the most.
Do you have a favorite classical composer? I'm a big fan of john williams.
John Williams is great. I also really like beethoven and mozart.
I like them too, but I'm more of a classical music fan. Do you play any instruments?
I used to play the piano when I was younger. I haven't played in a long time though.
That's cool. I wish I could play an instrument. I've always wanted to learn how to play violin.
You should give it a try! It's not as hard as you think it will be. What kind of music do you like?
I don't really have a preference. I like all kinds of music. What's your favorite genre?
I like a lot of different genres, but my favorite would have to be pop. What is your favorite type of music?
I like pop music too. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers. Do you like them?
I've never heard of them, but I'll have to check them out. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
I think you would like them. They are a rock band from california. Have you ever been to california?
No, I haven't. I've been to florida a few times, but that's about it.
I would love to visit florida someday. I have always wanted to go to disney world.
It's a lot of fun. You should definitely go if you ever get a chance. What's your favorite disney movie?
I would have to go with frozen. I love disney movies. What is your favorite?
Frozen is a good one. My favorite is probably beauty and the beast. Do you have any siblings?
Yes, I have two brothers and two sisters. How many sisters do you have?