Hello, I just got back from fishing.
Cool, do you go fishing often? I've never been.
Yes, I go all the time and I have to eat a lot of fish.
Why do you eat fish so often? I'm a vegan.
I eat the fish I catch, I don't think you will like fishing.
Haha probably not. I do like going to the gym though. Do you?
No, I don't have time I work at doctors office.
Cool, you like it? I don't work, my husband's a lawyer though.
Yes, I am a doctor's assistant. Long hours. That is cool! No work.
Yeah, not working is awesome haha. Are you married?
No, I move around a lot with my job. I live in a condo by myself.
Oh. Why do you have to move around a lot if you work in a doctor's office?
You'd never believe it if you saw the fish I caught on my most recent fishing trip. It was a six-foot alligator gar!
No way, those are really rare now. How did you manage to land it? Or did it get away?
It took some help from my buddies, and we set it free after taking pictures and measurements, but it was amazing to see, and it was hard work. Sometimes fishing is like my gym. How has the gym been for you lately?
Good job you had some buddies there with you. Yes I go most days to the gym, it my escape from everything else in the world.
What is your favorite thing to do at the gym? I don't ever go because I get my workouts in just by running around fishing.
I enjoy lifting as heavy as I can. Things like squats and deadlifts really get me focused.
I see, so mostly weight training. Do you enjoy cardio? I wouldn't say I enjoy it, but I tend to get a lot of it in accidentally most of the time
I have to be in the mood to do cardio. Otherwise I find it a chore. How do you accidently get cardio in?
Things like reeling in a 6-foot fish or running up and down the stairs in my office and condo all day. I don't think I could get cardio in if I actually had to think about it.
Yes, cardio is best done doing everyday activities. You do not need a gym fo it.
Yes, I'll save my membership money. I can't believe you've never been fishing. It's so relaxing and exciting at the same time.
You should take me some time so I can give it a go. Maybe not start with a 6 ft fish though?
I think that would be a good idea. Maybe start with something smaller and work your way up.
That sounds like a good plan to me. I'll let you know how it goes. Do you have any other hobbies besides fishing?
No, not really. I don't have a lot of time for hobbies since I work so much.
That makes sense. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work in a hospital as a nurse. How about you? What kind of hobbies do you have?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school for nursing.
That's cool. What are you studying in nursing school? Do you know what you want to do when you graduate?
I'm studying to be a pediatric nurse practitioner. I want to work in the er.
That sounds like a great career. Do you have any siblings that are in the medical field?
Yes, I have two brothers and two sisters. I'm the oldest of the bunch.
That's great that you have a big family. It must be nice to be able to spend time with them.
Yes, it is nice to have them around. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go fishing. It's a great way to relax after a long day at work.
That sounds relaxing. I have never been fishing, but I would like to try it someday.
It's not hard to learn. You just need a fishing pole and a rod. Do you have any hobbies?
No, I don't have much time for hobbies. I spend most of my time working.
What kind of work do you do? I work as a cashier at a grocery store.
I work in a hospital as a nurse. How long have you been working at the store?
I've been working there for about a year and a half. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
What are you studying in school? I'm studying to be a veterinarian.
I'm majoring in biology. Veterinarians are very important to the world.
That's awesome. I love animals, but I'm not sure if I want to work with them all the time.
I can understand that. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog, though. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
Wow, that's a big dog! Do you take him to the beach with you when you go fishing?
Yes, I take him with me. He loves to swim in the ocean. Have you ever had a dog?
I have! I had a golden retriever when I was a kid. He was the best!
That's cool. I've never had a pet before. Do you have any pets now?
I do! I have a dog, a cat, and a bird. I love them all!
What kind of bird is it? I've always wanted a parrot, but I don't think I have the time to take care of one.
It's a green cheek conure. They're pretty easy to care for. You should get one!
I'll have to look into it. I'd love to have a pet, but it's hard to find the time.
I know what you mean. I work so much that I barely have time for myself. How is school going?
It's going pretty well. I'm taking a lot of history classes, so it's a lot to keep up with.
That's good to hear. History is my favorite subject, so I'm glad you're enjoying it.
Yeah, it's pretty interesting. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to play video games, but I'm not very good at them. How about you?
I like playing video games as well. What's your favorite genre of video game to play?
I like action and adventure games. I also like rpg games. What kind of video games do you like?