As a vegan working at a community garden is important.
That's interesting! I'm not a vegan.
To each their own. Do you have pets? I have 2 dogs and a cat.
I don't have any pets, but I love puppies!
Do you like to eat puppies?
Uh, no. What do you do for a living? I'm an inventor.
I'm currently studying at community college. I want to be a nurse.
That's awesome! I just invented a teleportation device!
Do you use it to talk to puppies?
I use it to take really cheap exotic vacations. I can teleport anywhere pretty much instantly..
That sounds made up. Maybe it's all the puppies you're eating.
I'm sorry you don't believe me, because my next project is a time machine..
I'd like to try your teleportation device, can anyone use it or just you?
I'm not sure if anyone else can use it. Do you want to be my first test subject?
I don't know, it sounds exciting and scary at the same time
We could send one of your dogs through the teleportation device, but maybe that is frowned upon in vegan society?
my dog would love the attention. But I would worry about a fly being in the booth and my dog comes out half dog and half fly, lol
Hmm, that sounds like an interesting experiment. Thanks for the idea! Where do you want to be teleported to?
I think I'll skip the teleportation but I would like to try the time machine
Well I am making the time machine big enough to fit two people, so perhaps we could go on an adventure together. I could always use someone with knowledge in medicine!
That would be great. I can go back and help a lot of people who had no medicine at all.
That's a wonderful idea. I'll go back and pet all the puppies of the past.
You can go back and pet the original Lassie
Now I'm very excited. Make sure to study hard in school so we have all the knowledge we need! Oh, and bring pictures of your pets because I'm not quite sure how long we'll be gone.
I will be sure to take lots of pictures of my pets. Do you have any pets of your own?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What kind of pets do you have?
I have two dogs, a golden retriever and a chihuahua.
Wow, that's a lot of dogs! Do they all get along with each other or do they fight a lot?
They get along pretty well. I have to keep an eye on them so they don't hurt each other though.
That's good to hear. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I don't think I have the time to take care of one.
I know what you mean. It's hard to find the time when you're working so much. Do you have a job?
I do. I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills.
That's great. I wish I could find a job like that. How long have you been working there?
I've been working here for about a year and a half. I like it a lot. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to hang out with my friends. We like to go to the park and play frisbee.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I don't have any friends that work here, so it's just me and my dog.
What kind of dog do you have? I have a golden retriever and a chihuahua.
We have a german shepherd and a poodle. Do you have any pets?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. He was a great dog.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. Dogs are great companions. What was your dog's name?
His name was charlie. Charlie was the best dog ever. I miss him so much.
That's a great name for a dog. I'm sure he had a great life with you.
He did. He lived a long and happy life. I wish I could have spent more time with him. How is your dog doing?
My dog is doing great. He's a golden retriever and he loves to play fetch.
That's good to hear. What is your favorite thing to do with your dog? I like to take mine to the dog park.
I love to take him to the park and let him run around. He loves to chase squirrels.
That sounds like a lot of fun. What kind of dog is he? I have a german shepherd.
He is a chihuahua. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I would love to have a cat, but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can get a hypoallergenic cat. Have you thought about that?
That's a good idea. I hadn't thought of that. I'll have to look into it.
I hope you can find something that works for you. I know how hard it is to deal with allergies.
I hope so too. Allergies are the worst. I can't imagine having to live with them all the time. How do you deal with them?
I take allergy medication and try to avoid the allergens as much as I can.
That's good. I wish I could do that, but I'm allergic to pretty much everything.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any allergy medicine that you can take?
I take claritin and zyrtec, but they don't seem to do much.
That's unfortunate. Have you ever thought about seeing a doctor about your allergies?
No, I don't think it's that bad. It's not like I can't breathe or anything.
That's a relief to hear. I'm glad you don't have to worry about it too much.
Yeah, it's not too bad. I just have to make sure not to eat anything with peanuts in it. What have you been up to lately?
I've been spending a lot of time with my family. We've been traveling a lot lately.
That's good. I haven't been able to travel much lately, but I'm hoping to soon.