Hi, I want to talk to you about god.
Do you speak more than one language, I do.
Well, yes, I speak a little spanish, un poco.
That's cool I speak both spanish and english very fluently.
Magnifico! I need to talk to some of my workers in spanish, daily.
Ah, so you must be older than me as I am still in school.
Yes, I am middle-aged and work in a clothing factory with lots of menial workers.
What do you do in your spare time, I like to hike and walk on the beach.
I am a workaholic, but when my brother and kids are around we go there.
I'm moving houses next week so hopefully my family will help with that.
Every time I have moved, I have had a friend to help me, which is nice.
That is nice to have friends you can count on.
Are you all packed up ready for your house move this week?
Almost! I'm living in a maze of boxes right now, haha. But I'm excited to get settled into the new place.
It is exciting to move. Moving also makes your realize how much stuff you have accumulated over the years, lol
Exactly! Haha. I have three huge boxes full of things I realized I don't need anymore to donate.
Same here, I have a lot of stuff that I don't need but have a hard time getting rid of.
We all have that one category of things we have too much of. I have too many books! What do you have too much of?
We are the same. I have a lot of books too. I just like having books.
Me too! I can't get through books fast enough. Do you get enough time to read outside of work?
I wish I had enough time to leisurely read. I only been reading a book to learn Spanish from.
I'm impressed that you're learning Spanish! I am learning a bit of Spanish, too. There's so many new ways to learn languages these days. Have you also looked into free apps that help teach you Spanish?
I am too old to use apps, haha. I only use books
No problem with that! Are you finding it easy or hard to learn?
I find it easy to learn, but hard to keep up with it. I need to practice more
I'm sure you'll get the hang of it in no time! How long have you been learning spanish?
I've been learning for about a year and a half, but I'm not fluent yet.
Wow, that's a long time! Do you have any plans to visit mexico anytime soon?
No, I don't think so. I would love to go to spain though. Have you ever been?
I haven't, but it's on my bucket list. I've heard it's beautiful there.
It really is. I think it would be a great place to visit. Do you speak any other languages?
I only speak spanish and english. I'd love to learn french, italian, and russian.
Those are all great languages to learn. I wish I could speak more than one language fluently.
You can if you put your mind to it. I believe in you. You can do it. What other languages do you want to learn?
I would love to be able to speak german. It's such a beautiful language. Have you ever been to germany?
No, I haven't. I've always wanted to go, but I've never had the opportunity.
It's definitely on my list of places to visit. What's your favorite place you've visited?
I would have to say italy. I love the food and the architecture. How about you?
I've been to italy a few times, but my favorite place is greece.
I have never been there. I would like to go someday. Do you speak greek?
I don't speak it but I know a few phrases. I'd love to learn more.
What are some phrases you know? I would love to be able to speak more than one language.
I know how to say hello, goodbye, and thank you. That's about it.
That's pretty good. I wish I could say more than just hello in spanish, but I'm not very good at it yet.
I'm sure you'll get the hang of it. Spanish is a pretty easy language to learn. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't had much time to read lately. I've been so busy with work.
That's understandable. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a translator. I translate books from spanish to english and vice versa.
That sounds like a lot of fun. How long have you been doing that? Do you enjoy it?
I have been doing it for a few years now. I do enjoy it, but it can be stressful at times.
I can imagine that it would be very stressful. I don't think I have the patience for that.
Yeah, it's not for everyone. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
I like to read a lot. I also like to cook. What about you? What are your hobbies?
I love to cook as well. I love trying out new recipes and trying to perfect them.
What is your favorite type of food to cook? I love italian food, especially pasta.
Pasta is one of my favorites as well! I love making spaghetti and meatballs.
Do you make your own pasta or buy it from a store? I would love to learn how to make my own.
I make it from scratch. It can be a little tricky at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's pretty easy.
I will have to give it a try. Do you have a favorite pasta dish to make?
I really like lasagna. It's one of the most popular pasta dishes in the world.
Lasagna is so good. I like to make it with ziti instead of noodles.
That's a good idea. I'll have to try that next time. What's your favorite dish to cook?
I love to cook spaghetti and meatballs. What is your favorite food?
I love italian food as well. My favorite is pasta with chicken parmigiana.