Hello, I just got done working out at the gym. What are you doing?
Getting ready to take my dogs bounty and snickers to the park for a run.
Cute! I wish I owned dogs. That sounds like fun.
I love dogs. Being an only child they were my family growing up.
Awe, my husband and I work to much and can't have pets.
I understand. Where did you go to school?.
I went to school in texas, for nutrition..
I studied art history in france and spain.
Cool, that was probably a great experience.
Yeah, I was a navy brat so I got to travel quite a bit..
Cool, where else have you lived?
Kuwait, hawaii, california, and florida.
I like to travel too, but only where my jeep wrangler will take me.
I'd love a jeep. Right now I use mass transit to get around.
How did living in Kuwait compare to living in the more "western" areas?
The biggest difference would be having to learn a new language. However, I was able to adjust. Have you ever learned a new language?
I learned a lot of Spanish, believe it or not, when I lived in Texas! Since its so close to the border you easily can pick up on it. Although I do want to go to Italy this summer and thought it would be fun to learn a little before I do that. Do you have any vacations coming up?
Yes, I am planning a trip to Japan in the summer. With all my traveling, it's surprising that I have never been to Asia before!
Wow well that sounds like a bucket list trip! Will you be visiting any art museums while you're there?
Yes, I have a few planned that I am going to see. When you travel, do you visit art museums?
Not typically! I tend to stick to outdoor adventures. Last time I visited Mexico we went offroading on 4 wheelers, that is more what I love to do! How are your dogs doing?
They are doing great, and I can tell they are looking forward to a good vacation. Will you be getting a dog soon or do you not have the time?
I didn't know your dogs traveled with you, how cool! Between traveling and work, we decided not to get a dog. We are looking into getting a cat though, they seem a little bit easier to take care of! Sounds like they don't want you around most of the day anyhow, haha! Have you ever had a cat?
I have actually not had a cat. I feel like they would not get along well with my dogs, so I'll probably just stay a dog person.
I feel like I don't meet many cat people! They definitely are not as friendly as dogs are, that's for sure. That sounds like a good idea, don't mess up a good thing!
That is the goal! But I do know that cats are very lovable, and I'm sure it will be perfect for you!
Thank you so much for the encouragement, I really appreciate it! Do you have any pets of your own?
I do not, but I would love to get a dog someday. How about you?
I do have a dog! He's a golden retriever. I love him so much.
That's awesome! What's his name? I've always wanted a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
His name is charlie. I'm sorry to hear about your apartment. What kind of apartment do you live in?
That's a great name! I live in a condo, so I can't have a pet.
That's too bad. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and surf. Have you ever surfed before?
No, I haven't. I don't think I'm coordinated enough to do that.
You should give it a try. It's a lot of fun. What do you do for fun?
I play video games. I'm not very good at them, but they're fun to me.
What kind of video games do you play? Do you play on xbox or playstation?
I play on the xbox. My favorite game is halo. What's your favorite video game?
I like halo too. I like to play call of duty. Do you like any other video games?
That's cool. Call of duty is a great game. I also like assassin's creed.
I've never played assassins creed, but I've heard good things about it. What is it about?
It's a third-person action adventure game. It's set in ancient egypt.
Oh, that sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out sometime. What other games do you like?
I've been playing a lot of fallout lately. I'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic games.
That sounds cool. I haven't played any of the fallout games. Do you play on pc or console?
I play on the pc. I don't have a console. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Do you like it?
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I do like it, but it can be stressful.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be a great vet one day. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. Do you have any pets of your own?
I don't, but I would love to get a dog. I just don't have the time right now.
That's understandable. It's hard to find the time to take care of a pet when you have a full time job.
Yeah, that's true. I wish I had more time to spend with my dog. How is your job going?
It's going well. I love my job. I get to meet a lot of interesting people.
That's good to hear. I'm glad you love your job. What kind of job is it?
It's a job as a translator. I translate books from spanish to english.
That sounds like a fun job. How long have you been doing it? I've always wanted to learn another language.
I've been translating books since I was a teenager. You should learn spanish, it's a great language to learn.
I would love to learn, but I don't know where to start. Do you have any recommendations?
I would start with spanish for dummies. You can find it on amazon.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation. How's your job going?
It's going well. It's a lot of work but I enjoy it. How is your job?
That's good to hear. My job is going pretty well. I work as a translator.
That sounds like an interesting job. How long have you been doing that? What languages do you translate?