Hi. I'm turning 29 soon. How old are you?
I'm 97 and I am vegan.
Wow. That's great. What are you doing for spring break.
I'm going to hunt animals and eat them..
I'm going to the beach. I thought you were vegan?
It comes and goes I change from second to second..
I'm driving to the beach in my new car my mom bought.
Oh ok I'm driving a tomato my mom bought me..
I'm going to wear a new dress I bought for easter.
That sounds so interesting... Wow.
What else do you do?
I don't do talking but here we are..
Are you feeling vegan or not vegan today?
I'm feeling not vegan today. I might eat a cheeseburger if someone brings me one.
Maybe you can swing through a drive through in your tomato! I was wondering, were you joking about the tomato? Or is tomato a nickname for your car?
I was joking about a red Beetle my mom bought me decades ago. It looked like a tomato so that's what we called it. Did you make it to the beach?
That's hilarious! I call my car Christine, like the Steven King novel. Christine got me to the beach in record time, but I ended up leaving early because the weather turned. I found an awesome vegan restaurant on the way home though that made me think of you.
I'm glad to be in your thoughts. I don't think I've been to the beach in 48 years. I don't think I'll get there again.
There's still a good amount of time left of my Spring Break, so I'll probably head back out to the beach again in a few days. I'm not too disappointed about it. You should try to head out to the beach as well, the sun might do you some good. Or maybe you get enough sun on your hunting trips? I've never been hunting.
I get most of my vitamin D from pills now. Most of what I do at 97 is take pills. There are so many of them I don't know what any of them do, but I figure if I stop taking them I'll melt or something, so I take them all.
Do you live on your own? I could never remember to take all those pills by myself and I'm not even 30 yet.
I do but I have a nurse who comes and checks on me every day and puts my pills in one of those dispenser things. It takes her about 40 minutes to organize the pills each morning.
I'm really impressed! Sometimes I feel like I'm still trying to figure out how to take care of myself. Do you get lonely? Or are you happier being independent?
I mostly like being alone but it would be nice to have some real female company once in a while. My nurse isn't very warm.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're able to find someone to spend time with soon.
Thank you, I hope so too. It's hard to meet people when you don't go out much. How do you meet people?
I meet a lot of people through my job. I work as a nurse at a hospital.
That sounds like a good way to meet new people. I'll have to try that sometime.
Yes, it's a great way to make new friends. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to go to the beach and play in the sand. Do you like beaches?
Yes, I love beaches. There's a beach near my house that I go to all the time.
What is your favorite beach? Mine is the one by my house. It has a great view of the ocean.
I like the one near me too. It's nice to be able to sit on the sand and watch the sunset.
I agree. It is nice to get away from all the noise of the city. Have you been hunting recently?
No, I haven't had a chance to go hunting recently. I've been busy with work.
That makes sense. What do you do for a living? I work as a nurse at a hospital.
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. How long have you been working at the hospital?
I have been working there for about 3 years now. I love my job. Do you like your job?
I do like my job, but it can be stressful at times. I'm glad you love your job.
Yes, it is stressful, but I love the people I work with. They make it worth it.
That's good to hear. I hope I can find a job that I love someday. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. What is your favorite band?
I don't really have a favorite band. I like a lot of different types of music. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I look for a better job.
That's a good way to look at it. Do you have any hobbies that you do in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and listen to music. How about you? What are your hobbies?
Music is a great way to relax. My hobbies are playing video games and watching movies.
What kind of video games do you like to play? Do you play on a computer or a console?
I play on the computer. I play a lot of rpg games like fallout and elder scrolls.
I've never played either of those, but I've heard good things about them. What's your favorite fallout game?
I would have to say fallout 3. It was the first one I played and I loved it.
I haven't played that one either. I've only played fallout new vegas and fallout 4.
I have never played any of the fallout games. What is your favorite part of the game?
I like the exploration and the fact that there is so much to do in the game.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I will have to give it a try sometime. Do you like any other games?
I like to play games like fallout and elder scrolls, but I don't play them as much as I used to.
I've never played either of those games, but they sound like they would be fun to play.
You should try them sometime, they're really fun. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. How about you?
That's cool, I like them too. My favorite band would have to be the red hot chili peppers.
I have never heard of them. I will have to check them out. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs. Have you ever had it?
No, I haven't. I don't think I have ever had that. Is it good?
Yes, it is very good. You should try it sometime. Do you have any pets?