Hello. How are you?
I am doing well. What have you been up to today?
I've been at my desk this morning, working on programming.
Neat. Have you been programming long?
For a few years - since moving here from alaska.
Sounds nice to have the freedom to move around like that.
What do you do for fun?
I mainly just watch movies with my kids.
That sounds nice. I'm looking forward to going for a long run after work.
Oh, sounds like you are a health nut!
Not entirely. I will often follow a long run with a big steak!
I am too old to be living that sort of life. Just turned 40!
I don't think 40 is old.
My sister tells me the same thing.
So what kind of movies do you usually watch?
Lots of different things. I used to teach Film Studies with a creative arts conservatory, so I chose what I watch carefully. I mostly follow the films of directors I like...
Do you have any particular favorite genres?
I like suspense films, action, SF, horror, westerns, drama, an occasional good comedy....
That's cool! Do you like to watch any movies with your kids?
When the kids were young, they got Disney and Pixar of course, but I also let them watch older films, like the screwball comedies from the '30s and '40s. They just love them. They also have a good idea about film history too, something most kids don't have these days....
Oh that's wonderful that you can have a nice family activity together. Are you close with your sister?
Not really. Once our parents passed away, we've grown apart. She's 10 years older than I am and isn't really all that interested in being an aunt to the kids.
That's a shame..but sometimes two people are just too different. Is there anything you like to do for fun alone?
Read, play music, watch movies. I like to hike too. It's really the only exercise I get.
Cool, I used to also hike in my free time when I was living in Alaska.
Alaska! I've always wanted to visit that state and spend some time in the wilderness there, but I'm a little concerned about the grizzly population.
I've never seen a bear in alaska, and I've lived here my whole life. Have you?
No, I haven't, but it's on my bucket list. I'd love to see the northern lights, too.
I've seen them once in my life. It was magical. I hope to see them again someday.
I hope you do, too! Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do?
I like to go to the beach and watch the sunset. It's one of my favorite things to do.
That sounds so relaxing. I wish I had the time to do that. Do you live near a beach?
No, I don't live near any beaches. I have to drive a long way to get to one.
Oh, that's a bummer. I live near beaches and I love going to them.
Where do you live? I live in alaska. We don't have beaches here.
I live on the west coast of the united states. There are a lot of beaches where I live.
I would love to go to the beach, but I'm afraid of sharks. Have you ever seen a shark?
I have seen sharks in the ocean, but never in a lake or river.
That's good to know. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
No, I do not have pets. I would like to get a dog. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. What kind of dog would you get?
I would get a german shepherd. I think they are the cutest dogs.
German shephards are great dogs. They are very protective and loyal. What do you like about them?
I like that they are loyal and protective. I also like the way they look. What is your favorite dog breed?
I really like poodles. I have a poodle mix and he is the sweetest dog.
Poodles are so cute! I love their curly hair. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. How about you?
I've been thinking about getting a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get. Any suggestions?
I think you should get a german shepherd. They are very loyal dogs.
That's a good suggestion. I'll have to do some research on them. What do you do for a living?
I am a programmer. I love my job. I get to work from home a lot.
That's awesome. I wish I could do that. I'd love to be able to work remotely.
You should look into remote work. There are a lot of opportunities for programmers these days. What kind of work do you want to do?
I would love to work as a translator. I'm fluent in spanish and english.
That would be a great job for you! There are lots of companies that are looking for translators.
That's good to know. Do you have any recommendations on where to look for a job like that?
I would look on indeed.com and see if there are any companies in your area that are hiring.
That's a good idea. I'll have to check that out. Thank you for the advice!
You're welcome. I hope you find something that works for you. You deserve to be happy. What have you been up to lately?
Thank you, I appreciate that. I've been doing a lot of volunteer work at the animal shelter.
That's great. I wish I could do something like that, but I don't have the time.
That's too bad. Do you have any hobbies you like to do in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and watch the sunset. It's one of my favorite things to do.
That sounds relaxing. I love to watch sunsets too. I also like to read.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mysteries and thrillers.
I love mystery and thriller books too. Have you read any good mystery books lately?