How have you been?!
Im good, how are you doing?
I'm great! Moving this month to my favorite area!
Sounds amazing. Laying in bed sick grading papers, I teach english to high school students.
Is it just a cold, or something worse?!
It is a cold. I went for a walk in the rain at the park yesterday.
Ah, I know school can be strict on absences. Mine was.
I bet, I was always absence when I was in school.
My dad was headmaster, so I couldn't get away with it.
Yikes, that doesn't sound fun. Do you have any hobbies?
Just watching the bears and eating deep dish pizza! Yourself?
That sounds like fun. I volunteer at a soup kitchen every two weeks.
A teacher and a volunteer! Gosh, my older siblings are right about me...
When I'm not volunteering I work on sketching landscape scenery.
How do you like teaching high school students?
I love it. It can be frustrating but always worth it.Plus got to love summers off. Did your dad like working with kids?
He did, but he was very strict. He would say he was helping develop the leaders of tomorrow.
What was like having him at school with you? Did kids give you a hard time?
haha Yes, they very much did. They would say my good grades were because of my dad, not my hard work. I think my dad gave me the hardest time, though. It was tough because he could look at my grades and talk to my teachers.
I imagine you never got to get away with anything. How is your move going?
It's pretty good! I've gotten some things boxed, but most things sorted. A couple friends are coming over this weekend. We're going to grab some pizza and make a day of it. You're welcome to come, if you want.
Haha Moving is my least favorite activity. I'm so bad about packing it makes me anxious. I'd probably be more of a hassle then helpful
That's okay! So, what are your plans for this weekend? Anything exciting?
This is my weekend for volunteering at the soup kitchen.
That's very cool! I've always wanted to do that. Maybe I can join you sometime after this move gets sorted.
Yea! Any time you can join everyone would appreciate it. Do you cook at all?
I love to cook, but I'm not very good at it. I like to bake though.
Baking is fun too. What is your favorite thing to make? I love baking cupcakes.
I love making chocolate chip cookies. They're my favorite. What's your favorite kind of cupcake?
Chocolate chip is my favorite too. My favorite is red velvet. What about you?
I don't really have a favorite. I love them all. What do you do for a living?
I volunteer at a soup kitchen every two weeks. It's a lot of fun.
That sounds like it would be fun. Do you get to eat any of the food you make?
Yes, I get to take home the leftovers and eat it for lunch the next day.
That's so nice of you to do. I wish I had the time to do something like that.
Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time? I like to bake cupcakes.
I don't really have time for hobbies. I work so much that I barely have any free time.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you going to school for, if I may ask?
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of people with that.
Yes, I hope so. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't, but I'd love to get a dog someday. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you like to do in your spare time when you're not working?
I like to volunteer at the animal shelter. It's a great way to meet new people.
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into volunteering at the shelter near me.
That would be a great place to start. They need all the help they can get. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time for pets right now. I'm too busy with school.
That's understandable. What are you studying in school? Are you enjoying it so far?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I am enjoying it, but it's a lot of work.
That's great! I'm glad you're enjoying it. What made you want to become a vet?
I've always loved animals and wanted to help them. I think it's great that you volunteer at the animal shelter.
I really enjoy it. It's a great way to give back to the community. Do you have any pets of your own?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What kind of pets do you have?
I have two dogs, a golden retriever and a chihuahua.
Wow, that's a lot of dogs! Do they all get along with each other or do they fight a lot?
They get along pretty well, but they do fight a little bit. I have to keep an eye on them to make sure they don't hurt each other.
That's good that they get along well. I don't think I could handle that many dogs!
Yeah, they can be a handful, but I wouldn't have them any other way. Do you have pets?
I do not have any pets at the moment. I would like to get a dog one day.
That's a good idea. What kind of dog would you like? I have a dog and a cat.
I would love a german shepherd. I think they are the cutest dogs.
They are very cute. They are also very energetic and need a lot of exercise.