Hello, what do you do?
I play a lot of video games, specifically league of legends. And you?
Cool! I don't often play video games. I like to hunt in my free time.
Nice, maybe if you got a new gaming laptop like mine you would play more.
What kind of laptop did you get?
A new gaming laptop, lol. Wjat do you hunt?
Mostly deer. I am worried about overpopulation.
Human or deer overpopulation? Do you know who alistar is...a champion!
Deer population, I am concerned about wildlife in general. I do not know alistar.
Yeah, alistar is my favorite. Good luck with the hunting. You do anything else.
Not really, but thank you!
Oh well, you should try video games then.
I just got back from a trip hunting deer.
How did it go? Did you snag a buck?
Not this time. It still went good though. I checked out the conditions for some of the animals living in the area. What have you been up to?
I spent all night playing League of Legends. But after that I bought Resident Evil VIII. I haven't turned it on yet but I'm looking forward to it. Usually I wait for a sale but I couldn't resist.
That's cool. What is Resident Evil VIII about?
It's a horror game. You're a guy looking for his kidnapped daughter and you have to explore a bunch of eerie locations full of monsters. I really liked the last one so I'm eager to see if this one is as good.
Hmm, that could be interesting. Do you play by yourself or is it a multiplayer online game?
I just play it by myself. I turn the lights out and play it late at night by myself so it's as scary as possible. Do you like horror movies and scary things like that?
Not really. About the only thing scary that I like is sneaking up on a deer out in the wild! I play videogames every now and then but they are usually tame, calm ones.
I understand. Where do you go to hunt? Is it your land or someone you know?
Both actually. Sometimes I hunt on mine or my family's places and sometimes I go to state hunting sites. You should go next time I go!
That would be fun! I've never shot a real gun before though. Is it hard?
No, it's not hard at all. You just have to get used to the recoil.
That's good to know. I'll have to give it a try sometime. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. What about you?
I like video games as well, but I don't play them as much as I used to. What's your favorite video game?
I really like assassin's creed. Have you played any of the games in the series?
No, I haven't. I've heard good things about assassins creed though. What do you like about it?
It's just a really fun game to play. I like that you can play it by yourself or with friends.
That sounds fun. I'll have to check it out sometime. Do you like any other video games?
I play a lot of call of duty. I'm not very good at it, but it's fun.
That's cool. I don't play video games much, but when I do, I like to play resident evil.
I've never played that one. Is it scary? I like scary games, but not too scary.
No, it's not scary at all. It's a third-person shooter game.
Oh, okay. I might have to give it a try then. What else do you like to do in your free time?
I like playing video games. I have a gaming laptop, so I can play any game I want.
Oh, that's nice. What kind of games do you play on your gaming laptop? I've heard good things about assassin's creed.
I play a lot of league of legends, but I also like to play call of duty.
That's cool. I've never played either of those games. Do you have any other hobbies?
Not really. I like to hunt and fish, but that's about it. How about you?
I don't really have much time for hobbies. I spend most of my time with my kids.
That makes sense. How old are your kids, if you don't mind me asking? I'm thinking about having kids someday.
They are 8 and 10 years old. They are a handful at times but I wouldn't trade them for the world.
That's a good age to have kids, I think. I'm not sure if I want kids or not.
I know what you mean. They can be a lot of work but they are so worth it. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I would love to have a dog, but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can get a hypoallergenic dog?
That's not a bad idea. I'll have to look into that. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to get a dog. I just don't know what kind to get.
They're great dogs, but they can be a lot of work. You have to walk them every day. Do you have a job?
I do. I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills.
That's good. I wish I had a job. I'm still in school, so I don't have one yet.
What are you studying in school? What do you want to do with your life after school?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I want to work with cats and dogs.
That sounds like a very rewarding job. What kind of dogs do you think you'll be working with?
I'm not sure yet, but I'm leaning towards a german shepherd.
That's a good choice. They are very loyal and protective of their owners. Do you have any pets of your own?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
I'm sorry to hear that. It's hard to lose a beloved pet. What was your dog's name?
His name was charlie. He was a golden retriever. He loved to play fetch.
Charlie is a great name for a dog. I'm sure he had a great life with you.