Hi! How's it going?.
Hello, not good I just divorced my wife.
Oh no! So sorry to hear that! I'm only going to college next year.
It will be okay, I have my two pet snakes. What college.
Not sure yet, but I want to study neuroscience! What do you do?
I love to scuba dive in hawaii when I am not working.
Awesomeee! I'd love to go to hawaii. I could work on my eagle scout training.
I have been there three times, what is your training?
Oh, I'm working on becoming an eagle scout! I also volunteer at a research lab.
That is awesome, could build something for veterans?
Maybe! That would be cool, are you a veteran?.
Yes I am, I know of several eagle scout projects for veterans.
Awesome, I'd love to hear more about that.
I know of a project that help dispose of american flags correctly.
Tell me the name of your snakes.
Thier names and Hansel and Gretel - after the folk tales. I was always intrigued with that story so that's what I named them. Do you have any pets?
I do not have any pets. I have always wanted to scuba dive. What was your experience like?
I was a little nervous because of all the training and equiprments, but the guides I had in Hawaii were amazing. Once I got under the water and adjusted to breathing through the air tank - it was really funny. I can't even describe the beauty.
I really hope that I get to go one day. I can't even imagine how amazing that would be.
You will love it. Once I did it the first time, I was hooked. I even want to do that thing, where you go into a steel cage and sharks come out. I find marine life so interesting.
I think that would be amazing but I am so scared of sharks so I don't know if I would do it!
That's understandable. Apparently, I am a bit of a thrill seeker. :) I am sure you will be studying about fear/emotions in your Neuroscience classes next year.
I hope so! I really want to go to hawaii and scuba dive. Have you ever done that?
I have never done that, but I would love to. I have always wanted to go snorkeling.
That would be so much fun! I've never done it either, but it's on my bucket list.
I think it would be a lot of fun. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do?
I like to read a lot. It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mystery and thrillers.
Mystery is a great genre. My favorite book is the hunger games. What's your favorite book?
I don't have a favorite book, but I do like a good mystery. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't had much time to read lately. I've been so busy with work.
That's understandable. What do you do for work, if you don't mind me asking?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It's not the most exciting job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a pretty good job to me. I wish I could find a job like that.
I'm sure you could if you wanted to. You just have to be willing to move. Where do you live?
I live in new york city. I would love to move to hawaii though.
Hawaii is beautiful. I've never been there, but I've always wanted to go.
I would like to go to the beach there. I have never been to a beach before. Do you like to surf?
I haven't surfed in a long time. I used to do it a lot when I was younger.
What is your favorite thing to do in the ocean? Mine is scuba diving.
I like to snorkel. It's a lot of fun. Have you ever done it?
No, I don't think I'm brave enough to do that. I'm terrified of sharks.
That's understandable. Sharks are scary. I've never seen one in real life.
I've only seen them in cartoons. I think that's why I'm so afraid. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. My favorite band is the beatles. Do you have a favorite band?
The beatles are great! I love the rolling stones. What's your favorite beatles song?
I like a lot of their songs, but I think my favorite is "songs in the key of life." What is your favorite?
That's a good one. I like that one too. It's hard to pick a favorite.
Yeah, it is hard to choose a favorite when there are so many good ones. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I work at a law firm as a paralegal.
That sounds interesting. How long have you been working at the law firm? Do you enjoy it?
I've been working there for a few years now. I do enjoy it, but it can be stressful at times.
That's understandable. Do you have any hobbies you like to do in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and scuba dive. Have you ever done either of those?
No, I haven't, but I would love to try it someday. I think it would be a lot of fun.
You should definitely try it. It's a great way to relax after a long day at work.
I'll have to look into it. I'm sure I can find a place to do it near where I live. What other hobbies do you have?
I love to cook. I love trying new recipes and trying to perfect them. What about you?
I enjoy cooking as well. I like to bake as well, although I'm not very good at it.
I am not good at baking either. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have pets, but I would like to get a dog. What breed is your dog?