Just got up and ready for the day. How are you today?
Pretty good. You?.
Not bad. Trying to get motivated.
I know how feel. Coffee lots of coffee.
Sometimes it still seems like it's not enough.
True there. But I am an entrepreneur so it is easier for me I guess.
That's awesome. Nothing extraordinary over here. Except maybe my hair, with it being bright red.
Lucky you!! Mine is just a plain brown.
Sometimes wish it was plain, lots of questions asking if it's natural.
True. People are mean sometimes. What do you like to do?
Biking and hiking are two favorites. How about you?
I like going to the ocean with my dog (a.k.a. My best friend) :).
What kind of dog is it that you have?
She's a cocker spaniel named Susie. She's fantastic and I love her.
Aww she sounds so sweet! How old is she?
About five years old. She's very friendly and smart. When it's time for walks, she gets her leash and brings it over. haha
That's adorable! What part of the country are you in? Is it easy to walk her year-round?
I live in the northeast, but I travel a lot. She's not a fan of the cold, but when I can travel to warmer areas, she comes with me. Do you have any pets?
I've been thinking about getting a dog, but I have so much trouble making up my mind on what kind to get! What suggestions do you have?
Well, it depends a lot on what you have in mind. When looking for a pet, think about things like: Will you have time to take care of them? If you have to travel, can they come with or do you have someone to look in on them? Do you want a quiet pet? Do you want a pet to play with? etc., etc. There's a lot to think about. I got my girl because she's easy to travel with and very friendly.
I should probably think about getting a smaller breed, in all honesty. Have you ever owned a large dog?
I have. My family had a golden retriever when I was young. He was a great dog. He's play with us out in the yard and go with us on walks around the block. He didn't like to be cooped up indoors, though. It's a good things we were very active kids. haha
That sounds like a great way to spend time with your dog. I wish I had a dog.
You should get one! They're great companions. What kind of pets do you have?
I don't have any pets right now, but I would like to get a cat or dog.
That's cool. I have a dog and a cat. Do you like dogs or cats better?
I like dogs better. I think they are more loyal than cats. What is your dog's name?
My dogs name is duke. He's a golden retriever. I love him so much.
That's a great name for a dog! Do you have any other pets besides duke?
Yes, I also have a german shepherd named sasha. She's a sweetheart.
Sasha is such a cute name! I've always wanted a dog, but I don't have the time to take care of one right now.
Thank you! What kind of dog would you get if you had the time? I'm thinking of getting a dog soon.
I think I would get a labrador. They are my favorite breed of dog. What breed are you thinking about getting?
I would love to get a golden retriever. I think they are the sweetest dogs.
That's a good choice. I have a friend who has one and he is a very sweet dog.
What breed is your friend's dog? Is it a german shepherd or something else?
He has a greyhound. He loves him so much. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time for a pet. I'm too busy with work and school.
What are you studying in school? What do you want to do with your life after you graduate?
I'm studying biology. I want to be a veterinarian when I graduate.
That sounds like a great career choice. I wish you the best of luck in your studies.
Thank you so much! I hope you have a good rest of your day. I need to go to bed soon. Have a good night!
You as well. Take care of yourself and have a great rest of the day. Sweet dreams. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Thank you! Yes, I am going to the beach this weekend. I am so excited!
That sounds lovely. What beach are you going to? I've never been to a beach before.
I will be going to my favorite beach in florida. I have been going there since I was a kid.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've been to florida a few times, but I haven't been to any beaches.
I would love to go to new orleans someday. Have you ever been there?
I have not, but it's on my list of places to visit. I hear it's beautiful.
Yes, I have heard that as well. I think it would be a great place to visit with my boyfriend.
That's a great idea. I'm sure your boyfriend would love that. How long have you and your boyfriend been together?
My boyfriend and I have been together for about a year and a half. We met in college.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you think you'll ever move in with each other?
I hope so, but I don't want to rush it. I want to make sure I'm ready.
I think that's the best way to go about it. It's hard to know if you're ready for something like that.
That's very true. I guess I'll just have to wait and see how things go. What do you do for a living?
I work as an accountant. It pays the bills, but it's not what I really want to do for the rest of my life.
That makes sense. I'm not sure what I'd like to do with my life either. I just want to be happy.
That's a good goal to have. I don't think I'll ever be happy with what I do. What kind of music do you like?
I like a lot of different kinds of music. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to check them out. What's your favorite song by them?
I would have to say blood sugar sex magik is my favorite album by them. What is yours?