Do you like music?
Yes, you could say it is a great source of joy for me.
Do you have a favorite genre? I enjoy country music.
Everything really, I compose as well as listening to it. Have you been to a concert?
Wow that's awesome. I've been to a randy travis concert before.
That's great. Did you go alone or with friends?
I went with friends. It was pretty fun. Have you went to any?
Nice, hope you had a good time. Not recently, have been trying to not spent that much.
I get that I love online shopping but gotta to be careful not get carried away!
Haha, what do you usually buy? Are you working at least?
Stuff for my kids and knick knacks. I'm not working currently so I'm scaling back.
How many kids do you have?.
I've decided to start looking for work to pay for my shopping addiction.
Omg i should do the same thing i cant help but keep spending way too much. What sort of job are you looking for?
Somthing at a call center or doing data entry. I think working retail would defeat the purpose of me getting a job.
But maybe they will give you discount if you work in retail at least that way you wouldn't have to spend so much. But yeah something in data entry seems to be a good choice.
That is what I am afraid of. Store employee discounts Hahah. With Call center and Data Entry I can do it remotely from home and that would be best since I have school age children.
Yes it is very hard to find a good job that can work around children. But that sound like it would be perfect. Most at home jobs are super flexible when it come to what hours you work.
Exactly. It is why I am not currently working and the cost of proper Day care these days is ridiculous.
Exactly kinda of no point in working as you literally working to pay them to watch your kids and basically have no income left over.
Yup. My brother and sister in law had to pay so much for Daycare that it was actually going to save them money if my SIL quit her job and stayed home with the kids.
You would think they would help out with people that actually wanted to work. Oh well the system is just a little behind logic i guess.
I agree. I just got an email saying I got the Remote Data entry job. YAY go me.
OMG. Congratulations you deserve it. Hope you celebrate.
Thank you so much. I am going to celebrate by going to the casino. Have you ever been to a casino?
No, I haven't. I don't like gambling. Do you gamble a lot?
I do. I like to play blackjack. What do you like to do for fun?
Blackjack is fun, but I'm not very good at it. I love to read. What's your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. What is yours?
Harry potter is a great series. My favorite is the dark tower series by stephen king.
I have never read any of stephen kings books. I will have to check them out.
I highly recommend them. They are very long but very good. Have you read any good books lately?
I have been reading a lot of non-fiction books lately. I am trying to learn more about history.
History is very interesting. Do you have a favorite historical figure you like to learn about?
I really enjoy learning about the roman empire. It is so fascinating to me. How about you?
I am fascinated by the romans as well. I would have to say that I am a big fan of ancient greece.
That is so cool. I have always wanted to go there. What is your favorite part about it?
My favorite part is the history. I love learning about ancient civilizations and how they came to be.
That sounds really interesting. I will have to look more into it. Have you been there before?
No I haven't but I would love to go someday. Do you have any other places you would like to visit?
I would really like to go to egypt. I think it would be really cool to see the pyramids.
Egypt would be so cool to visit. I've never been there but it's on my bucket list.
It is definitely on my list as well. I have always wanted to go there. What is your favorite place you have traveled to?
My favorite place so far has been japan. I love the culture and the food. What's your favorite country?
I have never been to japan, but I would love to go. My favorite country is germany.
That's a good choice. I would like to travel to greece someday. Have you ever been there?
No, I haven't been there, but it is on my to-do list. Do you like greek food?
Yes, I love gyros. They are my favorite food. I wish I could eat them every day.
What is your favorite gyro to eat? I am partial to tzatziki.
I like that one too. I like the chicken tikka masala the best.
I have never had that one. I will have to try it next time I go to the store.
It's really good. You should try it sometime. What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I like all kinds of music. I have been listening to a lot of jazz lately.
That's cool. I don't listen to much music, but I do listen to podcasts. Do you like podcasts?
I love podcasts! I listen to them all the time. What are some of your favorites?
I like true crime ones. I like to learn about serial killers. Have you ever listened to them?
No, I haven't heard of them. I'll have to check them out. What is your favorite serial killer?
I like john wayne gacy. I think he was the best one. What about you?
I'm a big fan of dahmer. He was such a fascinating psychopath.
Yes, he was. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have pets, but I would like to get a dog. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. I love him so much. He is my best friend.
That's awesome. I have always wanted a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you'll find a way to make it work. What do you do for a living?