Hi! I live in ohio but, I'm moving to florida. Where do you live?
I live in the uk, but have been to florida a few times.
Do you like sports? What about the chicago bears football team.
I do like sports but not really into american football.
I went to a very strick high school, my father was the principal at my old school.
Ok, I teach english in a uk school.
Cool! Do you have any brothers or sisters? My sister is older than me.
No I am an only child so I like making friends.
I have some really great friends, also.
I do some charity work for a homeless shelter.
That's awesome! I volunteer at the local food pantry for the poor.
It is always important to give back I feel.
I'm excited about my move to Florida. I've been researching it a lot. I'm worried about the weather, though.
Sounds like you're in for a treat! I've been to Florida once and enjoyed it. The humidity definitely wan't enjoyable but the lack of snow made up for it. What city are you planning on moving to?
I love the heat. I think I was born to just bake in the sun. I am thinking of Tampa. Which city would you go to?
If you love the heat, then you'll definitely like Florida. I haven't been to Tampa, but I did like Miami when I visited. I really enjoyed the beaches in Miami. Have you been to Florida before or will this be a new city for you?
I have been before which is why I decided to move. The beaches were one of the main reasons actually. Imagine going out for lunch while at work to sit on the beach for 30 mins.
Oh yes, that does sound quite nice. I actually just remembered that I went through Tallahassee once briefly but it rained most of the time so I didn't do much. Do you have any family in Tampa?
No, its more to get away from them. They are very strict and I feel I need a bit more freedom.
Ah, that makes sense. Will you have any friends close by in Tampa or is this a totally fresh start for you?
Completely fresh start. i am really excited about it!
Sounds like it will be really fun. Do you follow any of the local sports there?
Not a big sports fan to be honest. It all seems a bit too aggressive for me. How about you?
That's alright. I do like sports, soccer especially, but I'm not too into many American sports. However, I do try to watch some of the Tampa Bay Rays games from time to time.
That's cool. I've never been to tampa bay. What's it like there?
It's a great place to live. The weather is great, the people are friendly, and there's a lot to do.
That sounds great. I'd love to go to florida someday. Have you ever been there?
I haven't, but it's on my list of places to visit. I hear it's beautiful there.
Yes, I've heard the beaches are beautiful and there are a lot of good restaurants.
That's good to hear. I'm not much of a beach person, but I do love a good restaurant. What kind of food do you like?
I like italian food. I love pasta and pizza. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food would have to be spaghetti and meatballs. What's your favorite pasta dish?
My favorite dish is lasagna. I make it at home all the time. Do you like to cook?
Lasagna is one of my favorites as well. I do enjoy cooking but I am not very good at it.
That's okay. I'm not great at it either. I just like it because it's so easy to make.
Do you have a favorite recipe to make? I would love to try it out sometime.
I like to make chicken parmigiana. It's so simple, but so good.
That sounds delicious. I will have to try that next time I'm at my mom's house.
I can send you the recipe if you'd like. What's your mom's favorite food?
That would be great. My mom loves italian food. She makes a mean lasagna.
Lasagna is one of my favorites too. I make it at least once a week.
That's awesome. I wish I could make it that often. Do you have any other hobbies?
Not really. I like to read, but I don't have much time for that these days.
That's too bad. I love to read as well. What kind of books do you like?
I like sci-fi and fantasy books. What is your favorite genre to read?
I like science fiction too. My favorite author is stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't. I've heard of him though. He's a horror writer, right?
Yes, he writes horror and supernatural fiction. You should check him out sometime.
I definitely will. I'm always looking for new authors to read. What's your favorite book of his?
I would have to go with the dark tower series. It's been a long time since I've read it though.
I've never read that one. I'll have to check it out. What is it about?
It's a series of fantasy novels by stephen king. The first one is called "the gunslinger."
Oh, I've heard of that. I haven't read it, but I've seen the movie.
The movie is good, but the books are so much better. You should give them a try. What have you been reading lately?
I've been re-reading the harry potter series. I'm almost done with the seventh book.
Wow, that's a lot of books to read in a short amount of time. How do you do it?
I'm a fast reader, so it doesn't take me too long to finish a book.
That makes sense. I wish I could read as fast as you. Do you have any recommendations for me to read?
If you like sci-fi, I would recommend the expanse series by stephen king.
Thank you for the recommendation. I will have to check it out. What is your favorite book?
I would have to say the harry potter series by j.k. Rowling.
I haven't read that one yet, but I have heard good things about it. Have you read any other books recently?
I have been reading a lot of non-fiction books lately. I am trying to learn more about history.
History is always fun to learn about. Do you have any favorite historical figures?