Hi!
Hello! How are you doing?
Pretty good. Happy to be halfway through the work week! How are you?.
Surviving. What do you do for work?
I'm a car salesman. It can be pretty exhausting. How about you?
I work on computers. I sit so long working my backside hurts.
Desk jobs can be strenuous! I like to make an effort to get outside on the weekends.
Music helps me get through the day. I like just about everything. What music do you like?
I love 5 finger death punch, they're awesome. Do you have a favorite band?
Between the buried and me is pretty swell.
I also love reading murder mystery novels. Are you a reader?
I am. I like getting outside too and riding my bike. I read while I ride.
That sounds dangerous! I love being outside too. I garden when the weather is nice.
It's an extreme sport in china. I can't compete because I eat meat though.
Guess what? I sold six cars since I spoke to you earlier! It is a banner day for me! I am celebrating with a little 5 finger air guitar.
Heck yeah! That's awesome! I bet you're gonna celebrate this weekend!
Of course I am, you bet! I managed to get tickets to a concert so I will celebrate there. Woohoo!
How awesome! Is it FFDP?
No actually, it is my mates band called "The Buckaroos" - they are real crazy. Their outfits are similar to those of Slipknots, if you have heard of them.
I love Slipknot! That sounds like a really fun time.
Do you really? Have you ever seen them live? Please tell me you have!
Yep! I've seen them four or five times live actually. They're one of my favorite bands.
I am so jealous. I only managed to see them once. Are you aware of the music video for which on of their fans gave them, and hundreds of others, permission to destroy their house for it?
Haha, yeah! I remember reading about that.
The song is "Duality", if you had forgotten which one it was. I am going to watch the video later on again. It is a great song with a great music video
I was thinking it was one of their older songs. Hard to believe I used to listen to them in high school and still do today.
It is hard to believe that they have been around for so long. I have been listening to them since high school as well. Have you ever seen them live?
No, I haven't. I would love to see them in concert. Do you have a favorite song by them?
I would have to say my favorite song of theirs is the buckaroos. What is yours?
That's a good one. My favorite is probably 5 finger death punch. What's your favorite band?
I have never heard of them, I will have to check them out. I really like the beatles.
Do you like any other bands? I'm a big beatles fan too. They're my favorite band.
I like a lot of different bands. I am a big fan of the red hot chilli peppers.
Have you ever seen them in concert? I've always wanted to go to one of their concerts.
I have not seen them live, but I would love to. They are one of the best bands of all time.
They really are. I've been listening to them since I was in high school and I still love them.
What is your favorite album of theirs? I would have to say their self-titled album.
I really like their self titled album as well. It's hard to pick a favorite though.
Do you have any other bands that you like besides the buckaroos and 5 finger death punch?
I like a lot of different bands. My favorite band is the red hot chilli peppers.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to check them out. What genre of music do they play?
They are a rock band. They have been around for a long time. Do you like rock music?
No, I don't really listen to rock music. I'm more of a pop kind of person.
That's cool. I like pop music too. What is your favorite pop song of all time?
It's hard to pick just one, but I would have to go with "you belong with me". What about you?
That's a good one. I also like that one. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of call of duty lately. Have you ever played it?
No I haven't but I've heard good things about it. What platform do you play on?
I play on the xbox one. It's a great game. Do you play any video games?
No I don't. I'm more of a reader than a gamer. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. What's yours?
Harry potter is one of my favorites as well. My favorite is the hunger games.
I've never read that one. I'll have to check it out. What other books do you like to read?
I like a lot of sci-fi and fantasy books. What about you? What are some of your favorite books?
I like sci fi too. I really like the dune series. Have you read it?
No, I haven't read dune. I've heard of it though. What is it about?
It's a series of books by frank herbert. The first one is called dune, and it's really good.
I will have to look into it. I'm always looking for new books to read. Do you have any other recommendations?
I don't have much time to read these days, but I used to love the harry potter series by j.k. Rowling.
I've never read any of her books. I'll have to check them out. What's your favorite book of hers?
Harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is my favorite. It's the first book in the series.
I haven't read that one yet, but it's on my to-read list. I've heard good things about it.
It's really good. You should give it a try. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. How about you?