How are you doing on this great day?.
Hi, there! I'm very well, and you? Do you live in the us as well?
Yes, but I really enjoy travelling. What do you do?.
I'm working in public services, so for the government. Do you have a favourite travel destination?
Anywhere abroad, especially europe. I blog about where I travel..
Interesting. Do you have a pet?
Yes. I have many animals. I was once a veterinarian. How about you?.
I've got a pet lizard, lizzy! What do you do for fun?
I cook and take care of my animals. Make my living by singing..
Ex vet singing, that's varied! In theatres or in bars?
Mostly theaters. What are your hobbies?.
I enjoy skydiving, it's great fun.
Do you have a special diet? I like to eat vegan..
No, I'm an omnivore. Do you have a favourite place to hang out?
I found the greatest vegan chicken product the other day! Have you ever heard of plant-based meats?
I have heard of them, but I do not know much about them if I am totally honest. What did you cook with it?
You can bread them up and fry them as chicken nuggets. They also go well with a saucy pasta, or in a curry. The possibilities are endless! Would you be interested in trying them out, or do you think you'll stick with regular chicken?
I will probably just stick with regular chicken, but I do need to make some changes with my diet in order to beenfit the environment. Could you tell the difference in taste between the plant-based chicken and normal chicken?
Plant-based chicken is less stringy, and a bit different in texture. Some brands taste more like tofu than real chicken. I'd say chicken nuggets are a gentle introduction to plant-based foods, though. You can't really tell the difference, since it's all ground up anyways.
Oh, I really didn't know that. Maybe, after your explanation, I will give plant-based meats a try after all. I don't know, I just feel like they won't give the same amount of energy as normal meats do. I am so active on a daily basis that I don't want to be feeling tired as a result of my dietary choices. Have you found that it affects your energy levels at all? Or, atleast, did it initially?
A little bit. I drink more fresh-squeezed fruit juice and protein shakes to compensate. I also make sure to eat a greater variety of plants, so that I can get all the nutrients I need.
You seem to be very well-versed in these types of things. I really should listen to you more, I guess I am just set in my ways with a lot of things. Food being one of them. When you were younger, did you parents teach you how to cook?
I did learn to cook when I was younger, but I didn't become a vegan until later. I guess those cooking skills are very much transferrable, though.
You see, when I was younger, I never really got involved with the cooking in my house and I believe that is probably the reason why I don't experiment much with my foods. I hardly ever learn new recipes or try new foods. So, in some way, I believe my lack of interest is as a result of my childhood. What caused you to become vegan?
I became vegan because I wanted to reduce my carbon footprint and help the environment. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What is your dog's name?
His name is duke. He is a golden retriever. What kind of dog do you have?
That's a great name for a dog. My dog is a german shepherd.
That is a great breed of dog. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work for the government. I'm a veterinarian assistant. How about you?
That sounds like a very interesting job. I work as a cashier at a grocery store.
It's not too bad. I get to work with a lot of animals. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I would love to have a dog or a cat.
You should get a dog. They are great companions. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. What is your favorite band?
The beatles are great. My favorite band would have to be the red hot chili peppers.
I've never heard of them, but I'll have to check them out. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
You should definitely give them a listen. They're one of the greatest bands of all time. What's your favorite genre of music?
I like a lot of different genres. I don't really have a favorite. How about you?
I'm a big fan of classic rock. I really like the rolling stones and pink floyd.
Those are good bands. I like them too. Do you have any other hobbies besides listening to music?
I like to go to the beach and listen to the waves. I love the sound of the ocean.
That sounds nice. I've never been to a beach, but I've always wanted to go.
The beach is a great place to relax after a long day of work. What do you like to do for fun?
I love to watch movies and tv shows. I don't have a lot of free time, though.
That's a great way to spend your free time. What is your favorite tv show to watch?
My favorite show is the walking dead. I like zombie shows. Have you ever seen it?
I haven't seen it, but it sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out sometime.
I think you would like it. It is about a group of people trying to survive the zombie apocalypse.
Sounds like it would be right up my alley. Do you have a favorite zombie movie?
I would have to say shaun of the dead. It was the first movie I ever saw in the theater.
I've never seen that one, but I've heard good things about it. Is it on netflix?
I don't think so. I have it on dvd. What is your favorite movie?
My favorite movie is the godfather. I've seen it so many times that I can recite it word for word.
That is a great movie. I haven't seen it in a long time. I should watch it again.
Yes, you should. It's one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and still find something new. Do you have any other favorite movies?
I do not have a lot of time to watch movies these days, but when I do I like to watch comedies.
I like comedies too. What's your favorite comedy of all time? I like the one with will ferrell.
I am a big fan of the movie step brothers. Have you seen it? It is one of my favorites.
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out. What other comedies do you like?
I like all kinds of comedies, but my all time favorite is arrested development. What is your favorite tv show?
I like arrested development as well. My favorite show is the office. Do you like the office?
I love the office! It's one of the funniest shows I've ever seen. I also love parks and recreation.
I've never seen that show, but I've heard good things about it. What's it about?