Hello, how are you?
Good, just doing my budget. Did you hear the new pink floyd album?
Cool. I like floyd. Is it brand new music?
Came out a few years ago. Wish I could play like gilmour! Legendary!
That's forsure. Great musician. I'm traveling to italy. Ever been?
No, but I wish I could. Would love to study the italian painters there!
Forsure. I'm actually travelling there via my teleportation device.
Say what?! Come pick me up! Did you build it yourself?
I know crazy right! But it works. Unfortunately only 1 person at a time.
Bummer. Ugh! Boss is calling! Wish I didn't have one.... And go to voicemail!
Maybe you should start your own business? That's what I've done..
Would be nice! What kind of business do you do?
So I went to Italy, it was amazing, trying to think where to go next.
How did you get to Italy? Don't tell me you used your teleportation device!
I did! But, with how vivid my imagination is, I just use the term to describe what others know as a Aeroplane. I like to use teleportation device because it gives my little boy something to be excited about when I am working away from home
Oh, I see! What was the best thing you saw in Italy?
My favourite thing, by far, was the Colosseum. I didn't realise how big it was. Where was the last place you went on holiday?
I went on a road trip to Waco, TX to see the Dr. Pepper Museum. It was well worth the trip. Probably not as impressive as Italy, but definitely up there.
I love Dr. Pepper! Did you get to sample it whilst you were there? That is enough to get me to book a trip out there with my children.
We stopped by the cafeteria at the end and got some free Dr. Pepper, yes. Or at least I think it was supposed to be free. I drank it and didn't pay for it either way. I felt it would be criminal to not get some Dr. Pepper at the museum.
Of course. Not getting it would be the equivalent of going to a swimming pool and just standing by it. You have got to get involved.
That's a great analogy. I dove into the Dr. Pepper with a beautiful swan dive. How many days did you spend in Italy?
I tend only to spend 4/5 days abroad when I am there for work. But thankfully, I managed to get to stay in Italy for 10 days because I had two things to work on whilst I was there
That's a really great vacation. Were you just in Rome or did you see other cities too?
I was just in rome, but I would love to go to florence and venice next time. Have you ever been to italy?
I haven't, but it's on my bucket list. I'd love to see the colosseum.
That would be so cool to see. I've always wanted to go see the pyramids.
I've never been to egypt, so I'd like to go there too. Do you have a favorite italian dish?
I love lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs. What about you?
Lasagna is one of my favorites too. I also love pasta in general.
What is your favorite type of pasta? I like penne and spanakopita.
I love penne as well. It's so versatile and can be made in so many different ways.
Do you make your own pasta or do you buy it from a store? I love to cook.
I make it from scratch from time to time, but most of the time I buy it.
I would love to learn how to make pasta. Do you have any tips for a beginner?
Pasta is one of the easiest things to make. You just have to have the right ingredients.
What is your favorite kind of pasta to make? Mine is spaghetti with meatballs.
Italian pasta is my favorite. I like to make it with penne and spanakopita.
I've never had that kind. I'll have to give it a try next time I'm at the grocery store.
It's really good. You should try it sometime. What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I've been listening to a lot of jazz lately. Have you ever listened to it?
No, I haven't. I don't know much about it. What's your favorite song?
It's hard to pick a favorite, but if I had to, I'd probably go with a song by john coltrane.
That's a good choice. I like that song too. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to cook. I love italian food, so I try to make it as often as I can.
That's awesome. I wish I was better at cooking. What is your favorite dish to make?
I love to make spaghetti and meatballs. It's one of my favorites.
That sounds delicious! Do you make your own pasta or do you buy it from a store?
I make it from scratch. It takes a lot of time, but it's worth it.
How long does it take you to make your pasta? I'd love to try it sometime.
It takes me about an hour to make a batch of pasta. You should give it a try!
That's not bad at all. I'll have to look up some recipes and see what I can come up with.
I can send you the recipe I use if you'd like. I'm sure you'd love it. Do you like italian food?
That would be great! I would love to learn how to make it. And yes, I do. I love spaghetti and meatballs.
I'll send it over as soon as I get home from work. I'd be happy to teach you how to cook some of my favorite dishes.
Thank you so much! I can't wait to try your pasta recipe. What is your favorite pasta dish?
I love pasta with chicken parmigiana. It's one of my favorites.
That sounds delicious! I'll have to try that next time I make pasta. I'm always looking for new recipes to try.
I can send you the recipe if you'd like. Do you have any other hobbies?
That would be great, thank you! I like to read and play video games. What about you?
Video games are fun. I don't play as much as I used to, but I still enjoy them.
That's good to hear. What kind of video games do you like? Do you play any sports?
I like games like call of duty and assassin's creed. I do not play sports.
That's cool. I like assassins creed as well. What's your favorite assassin?