Hello, just got back from fishing, how are you?
Fine. I love to fish. Live by the ocean?
Yep, get kinda tired of it sometimes. I'm a pro fisher.
I live in florida. What do you fish for?
Tuna for work but whatever bites. Florida is nice. You like baseball?
Yes, I used to live in cincinnati so, I'm a big reds fan.
Ah, the reds. I'm a fan even though I'm in new york.
Yeah! I'm in the process of setting up a work from home office.
Sorry, my lasagna was finished in the oven. What kind of vehicle do you have?
A hyundai elantra. Good gas mileage. I really like it.
I gotta have the gas guzzling trucks!
My fiance has a ford f150 and it eats the gas!
Oh, congrats on the engagement. When's the date?
It's a "forever engagement". We've both been married before.
How is the home office coming along?
Pretty goof! It's actually harder to separate home from work now, and there's a noise problem, but okay otherwise. Have you been out fishing yet this spring?
Yeah I think there are probably pros and cons of working from home but I'm glad it's going well! I try to get out a few times a week but it's been kind of cold here in New York. Hoping to go twice this weekend! Wishing I was where you are in Florida - have you been fishing lately?
Yes, got into a huge school of trevalley and also a good sized marlin! I was surprised to get to do saltwater this early but guide prices are cheap this year
That's awesome! How is the wedding planning going?
Arrrgh--her mother has taken over and is making a much bigger deal than it needs to be. How's your new truck doing?
Haha I know how that goes. Mother in laws are always a challenge. The truck is running like a dream. I'm so glad I upgraded and don't have to worry about it breaking down all the time now.
What features does it have?
It's a 2021 Ram 1500 with a v-6 engine. It's great because I can tow my boat with ease and the cargo bed is huge. It's got all the bells and whistles pretty much.
Wow! I am really envious. That would pull my bass boat much easier than my beat-up old Ranger
Maybe you'll get enough money from your wedding to buy a new truck! Haha if the wife allows.
I'm paying for the wedding -- if I come within three grand of breaking even I'll be lucky :)
That's a good way to look at it. I wish you the best of luck. How long have you been married?
We've been married for a little over a year now. She's a keeper for sure!
That's great to hear. I hope to find someone like that someday. Do you have any kids?
No, I don't think I'm ready to have kids just yet. Maybe in a few years.
That makes sense. I'm sure you'll find the right person when the time is right. Have you been fishing lately?
Yes, I went fishing last weekend. I caught a lot of catfish. How about you?
That's awesome! I haven't gone fishing in a long time. I used to go all the time when I was younger.
Yeah, it's been a while for me too. It's nice to get out in the fresh air every once in a while.
That's true. Do you have any other hobbies besides fishing? I like to read.
Reading is a great hobby. I love to read as well. What's your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. Have you read any of her books?
I have not read that one. I will have to check it out. Yes, I have read all of them.
That's awesome. I haven't read them all, but I've read the first four books.
Wow, that is a lot of reading. I don't know if I have the attention span to do that. How long did it take you to read them?
I think it took me about a month to get through the first one. It's a pretty long book.
That is a long time to read a book. Do you have any other hobbies besides reading?
Not really. I like to fish, but that's about it. What do you like to do for fun?
I like fishing as well. I also like to go to the beach and surf.
That sounds fun. I've never been surfing, but I've always wanted to try.
You should give it a try. It is a lot of fun. Where do you usually go fishing?
I usually go to lake michigan or lake erie. Have you ever been there?
I have never been to either of those places. I have been to florida a few times.
I would love to visit florida someday. What is your favorite part of florida?
I would have to say my favorite part is the beaches. There is so much to do there.
Do you have a favorite beach that you like to go to? I would like to visit the everglades.
I love going to the beach in the keys. It is so peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds like a great place to relax and read a good book. Do you read a lot?
Not as much as I used to, but I do like to read when I have the time.
What kind of books do you like? I'm not a big reader but I love a good mystery.
I like mysteries as well. My favorite author is stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No I haven't but I've heard good things about him. What is your favorite book by him?
My favorite book of his is the stand. I also like the shining and the shawshank redemption.
Have you seen the movie version of the stand? It's one of my favorites as well!
No, I have not seen it. I will have to check it out. Do you have a favorite movie?
My favorite movie of all time is the godfather. I've seen it at least a dozen times.
That is a great movie. I have seen it a few times as well. Have you read any good books lately?
I haven't had much time to read lately, but I'm hoping to get back into it soon.
What is your favorite genre to read? I am more of a sci-fi person myself.
I like sci fi too. I'm a big fan of the harry potter series.
Harry potter is a good series. Do you prefer the movies or the books? I think the movies are better than the books.