Hello, I was born in the milky way.
That sounds so cool! Just eating some jello here which is one of my fav foods.
Thats my planets main food too!!
Awesome! Do you have a family there? I've got two moms.
Yeah they live on planet x with my two moms too.
Wow. Do you have music there? I just love to hear rock music.
Of course! We receive music frequencies from earth all the time.
I have blonde hair like my mom who is a nurse. What color is yours?
Mine is grey because of the many lightyears it took me to get here.
How do you enjoy visiting earth?
Its interesting since I migrated here, a lot has changed.
For how long have you been here?
Do either of your moms enjoy eating jello?
Of course they do. How do you think I developed such a taste for it?! Do you like jello?
Of course. I grew up eating Jello three or four times every day. That's how we do it on my home planet.
Nice. I need to visit that planet! Where is your planet located?
It's part of the Milky Way but it's pretty hard to find. You have to go past the Snickers and to the right of the Heath Bar planet.
Lol, sounds like a nice place. What made you come to Earth then?
When Bill Cosby got in trouble I got called here by the Jello overlords to do some damage control. I do a lot of PR work for aliens.
Hmm, interesting. Do you like it here?
This planet is amazing. You guys are so lucky. What's your favorite planet?
I only know this one so I guess I would have to say Earth. Although, Saturn looks kind of neat from a distance.
I've only driven past Saturn, I've never stopped there. I've heard that it's basically a tourist trap and kind of expensive.
Really? I had no idea that anything even existed there.
Yeah, I'm not sure if it's true or not, but that's what I've been told.
I'll have to check it out next time I'm in the area. I'm always looking for new places to visit.
Yeah, me too. I love exploring new places. It's one of my favorite things to do. Do you like to travel?
I do, but I don't get to travel as much as I'd like. I work a lot.
That's too bad. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work in finance. It pays the bills, but it's not what I want to do for the rest of my life.
That makes sense. I hope you're able to find something that makes you happy in the future.
I hope so too. Thanks for chatting with me. It was nice talking to you today. Have a great day!
You too! Thanks for the chat. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!
Thank you so much! I wish the best for you as well. Take care and have a great rest of your day. How are your cats?
My cats are doing great. They are very active and playful. Do you have any pets?
That's great to hear. I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much.
What kind of dog do you have? I've always wanted a german shepherd.
My dog is a labrador retriever. German shephards are great dogs.
I love labs! I had one when I was a kid and he was the best dog ever.
Labs are great. I had a lab growing up as well. He was a great dog. What is your dog's name?
My dogs name is lucy. She is the sweetest dog I have ever met. Do you like dogs?
That's a great name. I do like dogs, but I don't have one at the moment.
What kind of dogs do you like? Do you have any pets of your own at home?
I like all kinds of dogs. I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sure you miss him a lot. What was his name?
His name was charlie. He was a german shepherd. I miss him so much.
Charlie sounds like a great dog. It's so hard to lose a pet, especially one you've had for a long time.
Yes, he was a good dog. I had him since I was 8 years old. How old is your dog?
My dog is 8 as well. He's been with me through a lot of hard times in my life.
I'm glad you have your dog to help you through your hard times. What kind of dog is it?
He's a labrador retriever. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't. I've been thinking about getting a dog, but I'm not sure what kind to get.
I would recommend a german shepherd. They are very loyal and protective.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to do some research on them. What do you do for a living?
I work in finance. It pays the bills and allows me to travel. How about you?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. I wish I could travel more, but my job keeps me pretty busy.
That's cool. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to spend time with my dogs. They keep me company when I'm not at work.
That's nice. What kind of dogs are they? Do they like to go on walks with you?
They are labrador retrievers. They love to go for walks, especially in the snow.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've always wanted a dog, but I don't have the time to take care of one.
Yeah, they can be a bit of a time commitment, but it's worth it. How is work going for you?
Work is going well. It's a little hectic right now because of the holidays, but that's to be expected.
That's good to hear. Yeah, I can imagine it's busy right now. Do you have any plans for the weekend?