Hi there how are you?
Great. Thanks for asking. Just chilling on the porch as I work from home on web design.
Oh that sounds fun I love my porch wish I had more time for it.
I get to spend more time with my 3 kids and my 2 dogs. Lol.
Oh how sweet. My job leaves me little time for family. Kind of inherited lol.
Well what do you do?
Therapy it pays well but id rather watch the lions and eat pizza all day.
Lol I can relate. During my computer break I help out around the farm.
Oh how lovely. What a picture perfect life :) like a rockwell painting.
True. Lol. It is a very satisfying life. I'm very grateful for my family.
How long have you been married?
17 years since 2001. How about you?
What kind of farm do you have? Is it more centered around crops or animals?
I have a canola farm, it's definitely more centered around crops but I have some animals too like sheep, cows, and chicken. How is your family?
That is interesting! My family is doing well. My husband Paul just had to go out of town for work.
Great to hear! What does your husband do for work?
He works for Doctors Without Borders. Very noble, but he's gone a lot. But I am busy with my work too, so it works out, but this is probably why we do not have any kids yet. No time. How are your kids?
My kids are good, my youngest, Chester, just graduated from kindergarten, I'm so proud of him. How is therapy going?
Way to go, Chester! Therapy is ok. It really puts things in perspective when I hear people talk about their lives and trials. It makes me appreciate what I have more when I start to feel down about Paul being gone so often.
Yeah it's always humbling seeing with another person's point of view. Sorry to hear Paul's work is so demanding, it must be hard working away from home all the time. How does he feel about it?
He used to love it, but I think he may be getting ready to settle down in one place. How is the world of web design?
It's going alright, it's our least busiest time of the year but we are still making enough sales to get by. Where did Paul plan on settling?
I'm glad you're making enough to get by! I suppose that kind of work requires a lot of budgeting for slow seasons. I hope Paul and I end up settling right here in California.
Oh that's awesome! I love California, the weather there is beautiful. Are you going to continue therapy in California?
I'm not sure yet. I've been thinking about it, but I don't know if it's right for me.
I'm sure you'll figure out what's best for you. Do you have any pets?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
I'm so sorry to hear that. It's so hard to lose a beloved pet.
It really is. I still miss him even though it's been so long. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a chihuahua. She's the sweetest thing. I love her so much.
Aww, she sounds adorable. I've never had a dog before, but I'd love to get one someday.
I highly recommend it. They're great companions. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to play video games. I'm not very good at them, but they're fun.
Video games are a lot of fun. What's your favorite genre of video game?
I like action and adventure games. What about you? Do you have any favorite video games?
I like adventure and action games too. My favorite video game is assassin's creed.
I have never played assassins creed but I have heard of it. What is it about?
It's an action adventure game where you play as an assassin. It's really fun.
I will have to check it out. I have been looking for a new video game to play.
What kind of video games do you like? I've been trying to get my husband to play more video games with me.
I like rpg's and adventure games. I would love to play with you and your husband.
That sounds like a lot of fun! My husband and I are always looking for new games to play together.
That would be fun. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do with your husband?
We like to go hiking in the mountains. It is so peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds nice. I like hiking too, but I don't get to do it as often as I would like.
I am sorry to hear that. Maybe you can find a hiking group and go with them. What do you think?
I think that's a good idea. I'll have to see if there are any hiking groups in my area.
That sounds like a good plan. I am sure you will be able to find a group to go with.
I hope so. I've never been hiking before, so I'm not sure what to expect. Do you have any tips?
I would start with a shorter hike and work your way up to a longer hike.
That makes a lot of sense. Thank you so much for your advice. I really appreciate it.
You're very welcome. I hope you have a great time on your hike this weekend. What is your favorite place to hike?
I love hiking in the mountains in colorado. There is so much to see and do there.
I would love to visit colorado someday. Have you ever been to colorado springs?
No, I have never been there, but I would like to go. I hear it is beautiful there.
Yes, I've heard that too. I've also heard that it's a great place to ski. Do you ski?
I do not. I have always wanted to go skiing, but never got around to it.
That's too bad. It's a lot of fun, especially if you go with someone who knows what they're doing.
I will have to give it a try one day. What is your favorite thing to do in colorado?
I love hiking in the mountains. There's so much to see and do out there.
That sounds like so much fun. I would love to visit colorado someday. Have you ever been to colorado springs?
No, I've never been there, but I'd love to go. I hear it's beautiful there.
It really is. I think it would be a great place to go hiking. Do you like to hike?
I do, but not as much as I'd like to. It's hard to find the time.