Hi.
Hello.
How is your day going so far?
I've been chasing my two twins around all day, so I'm ready for bedtime. How about you?
I have been driving around a lot today.
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I think I am going to an art museum.
That sounds fun! I'm going to try and play tennis and go to church on sunday.
Tennis is fun. I'm not that good at it though. I like to play badminton.
I've never played that. I'm originally from sweden and we play a lot of tennis there.
It's actually really run and fast paced. I have a cousin that just moved to sweden..
I'm sure he'll love it there. I moved to the us around 12 years ago.
She does love it. She says it is very different from here. She loves the coffee breaks.
Do you have any children?
What type of church do you attend?
I attend a Methodist church, it's a small but I like and they have a great Sunday School for my kids.
That sounds very quaint. I'm personally an atheist. Were you raised into religion?
I wasn't raised with religion, Sweden is primarlyy a non-religious country, but when I moved to the United States my husband attended church every Sunday and I started going with him.
Why did you decide to move to the United States?
I had a great job opportunity here after I graduated from university. Also, Sweden is very cold! Have you ever been to Sweden?
My cousin lives there but I've never been lucky enough to visit him. What job opportunity did you move for?
I work in medicine and was offered a great fellowship with a hospital here. My job gives me great flexibility so I can still make time for my kids and my hobbies including tennis.
Wow that's interesting. Do you have a specific area of medicine you work in? I work as a scientist. I'm not very good at tennis but I keep practicing!
I'm a pediatrician, so I work with children and teens. Tennis sounds like a lot of fun!
It really is! It's a great way to relax after a long day of work. What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to go hiking in the mountains. It's so peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds lovely. I've never been hiking, but I'd love to try it sometime.
I would love to show you some of my favorite trails. Do you have any hobbies?
I don't have much time for hobbies. I spend most of my time with my kids.
I can understand that. How many kids do you have? I have a daughter and a son.
I have two daughters and one son. How old is your son? Is he in school?
Yes, he is in school. He is almost done with his senior year. I am so proud of him.
That's great. I hope to have kids someday. What do you do for a living?
I work as a financial analyst. It pays the bills and gives me time to play tennis.
That sounds like a very rewarding job. Do you have any hobbies that you do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and surf. It's a great stress reliever.
That does sound like a great way to relieve stress. Have you been surfing for a long time?
I've been doing it since I was a kid. My dad taught me how to do it.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to learn how to surf, but I don't know where to start.
There are a lot of good tutorials on youtube. That's how I learned. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. How about you?
The beatles are good. I like the rolling stones. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs. What's your dog's name?
My dogs name is lucy. She is a german shepherd. Have you ever had a dog?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. What kind of music do you like? Do you play any instruments?
I like all kinds of music. I do play the piano, but I'm not very good at it.
That's cool. I wish I could play an instrument. I've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar.
You should give it a try. It's not as hard as you think it is. What's your favorite genre of music?
I like a lot of different genres. My favorite band is the rolling stones. Do you have a favorite band?
I like the stones too. I don't have a specific favorite band, I just like music in general.
What is your favorite type of music to listen to? I like classical and jazz.
I like all kinds of music. Classical is good, but I also like rock and pop.
Have you ever been to a rock concert? I would love to go to one someday.
No, I haven't been to any concerts in a long time. It's hard to find the time.
I know what you mean. I used to go all the time when I was younger, but now that I'm married and have kids, it's hard.
I'm not married or have kids. I just don't have a lot of free time. How old are your kids?
My kids are 8 and 10. They're a handful, but it's worth it in the end.
I can't wait to have kids of my own. I don't know what I would do without them.
I'm sure you'll be a great parent. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I do! I have two dogs, a cat, and a parrot. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. I love him so much. What are your dogs'names?