Hello, how are you?
Good thank you and how are you.
I'm good. Lovely scenery. I'm on the water on my houseboat..
Nice im married to a lawyer and we have a boat as well.
What do you do for a living? I'm a bartender.
I am a music producer and work construction. Where you from.
The usa. Do you have any brothers or sisters? I have four.
Yes I have three. I go to the gym every day how about you?
I go every once in awhile. Where did you go to school?
Full sail university. And just bought a jeep.
Oh, cool. I graduated with a master's degree..
Thats nice im going for my bachelors. Do you eat meat? I only eat vegetables.
I do. What kind of work did your parents do?
My mother is in crafts and arts. How about yours?
At work while bartending I met a group of musicians that are shopping around to get their songs produced and I immediately thought of you. I have their number if you are interested!
What type of music do they do? I'm always looking for fresh new people
They described themselves as sort of rock-reggae fusion band. I listened to a few of their songs and thought they were pretty good, and unique. Maybe your professional ear would have a different opinion though.
rock-reggea that different and i like different. yes sure give me their number and we can see what can happen
Okay, I'll have to go find it. They wrote it down on a napkin for me because none of them seemed to have a phone or anything but cash and very tight jeans.
okay great will whenever you find it just let me know. How is it having a houseboat? Do you live on it full time?
Yes, that's my permanent home. I like it. I like being on and by the water, and it means I don't have a yard to worry about. You said you and your spouse have a boat--what kind is it?
It's just a little fishing boat nothing fancy. but we like it and we love go out together on it. But i always wouldn't a houseboat it just seem so fun to always leave on the water.
Yes, for now it's my preference. We'll see--someday I might come back and live on dry land. So what are you studying for your bachelor's degree?
I'm going for early childhood development but i'm not sure if that what i want anymore
Oh, that's interesting. Are you studying with the intent of eventually changing your field of work? Or are you just getting the degree for the sake of it, or for the knowledge, or what?
i want to work with kids so i thought it would be best to
Ah, that makes sense. Do you know what you want to do with your degree yet, or are you still undecided?
I think I want to be a veterinarian. What do you do for a living?
That sounds like a great career choice. I work as a bartender at a local bar.
That sounds fun. What kind of drinks do you bartend? I love a good margarita.
I love making margaritas. I also love making cocktails. What is your favorite drink?
My favorite drink is a mojito. What's your favorite cocktail to make?
Mojitos are good. My favorite is a martini. Do you like martinis?
I do, but I'm not a huge fan of vodka. I'm more of a whiskey drinker.
Whiskey is good too. I don't drink as much as I used to, but it's nice to have a drink every now and then.
Yeah, that's true. What kind of music do you like to listen to while you work out?
I listen to a lot of classical music while I work out. It helps me concentrate.
That's a good idea. I'll have to try that next time I go to the gym.
Do you have a favorite classical composer? I like mozart and beethoven.
Mozart is a good choice. I also like bach. Do you play any instruments?
I used to play piano when I was younger, but I haven't played in a long time.
I wish I could play an instrument. I would love to be able to play the violin.
I've always wanted to learn how to play violin, but never got around to it. What made you want to learn violin?
I just love the sound of it. I think it would be so relaxing to play it.
Do you think you'll ever learn to play any other instruments, or just stick with violin for now?
I think I will stick with it for now. I don't think I have the patience to learn another instrument right now.
That makes sense. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
That's cool. I like playing video games as well, but I'm not very good at them. What's your favorite video game?
I really like halo 3. Have you ever played it? It is my favorite game of all time.
No, I've never played halo. I've heard of it, but never played it.
You should give it a try sometime. It is a great game to play with your friends.
I'll have to see if I can get my hands on a copy. What other games do you like?
I like a lot of games. I have been playing halo since it came out in 2001.
That's cool. I used to play halo with my friends when I was in high school.
What is your favorite halo game? Mine is halo 3. Do you have a favorite game?
I like halo 2 the best. It was the first one I played and I loved it.
I have never played that one. I will have to check it out. What is it about halo that you like so much?
I like the story line and the multiplayer. I like to play with my brothers and sisters.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I don't have any brothers or sisters, but I do have a sister.
I'm sorry to hear that. How is your relationship with your sister? Do you play halo with her?
My relationship with my sister is good. We don't play much halo, but we do play other games together.
That's good to hear. I'm glad you have a good relationship with her. What games do you play together?
We play call of duty together. It's been a long time since I've played halo.
I haven't played that game in a while. I used to play it a lot when I was younger.
It's a great game to play with friends. Do you have any friends that you play with?