Hello, how are you today?
Great and you?
Good, just finished eating some chocolate ice cream.
Chocolate ice cream, yumm that's about the same color as my hair ;-).
My dad had brown hair too; he was in the military.
I love my family, my mother works with special needs clients.
That's awesome! I just read a book about autism; I love to read.
Me too! But I had no choice growing up latina, mom always pushed education.
Same for me. Maybe that's why I work for a small nonprofit that helps underprivileged youths.
Lol I kind of went the other route and became a healer.
That's awesome. Well, it was nice talking with you today!
It really was fun, thanks!
I was at the book store and found a great new book to read on the advantages of working with youth in the community.
Oh wow that sounds awesome, what are some of the tips they give?
I haven't started it yet, so I am not sure, but I will fill you in once I read it! How was your day today, what exactly do you do as a healer?
Basically it is a therapy type thing. I listen to people vent about their problems and give them advice that helps them clear their mind.
That sounds interesting. Where did you go to do your training to become a healer?
I got my degree in mindfulness at the local community college, I then trained under a healer at a local therapy location
Oh that's great! What do you like to do when you are not healing people?
I really enjoy reading, a big fan of biography books
I love to read too, but I am more interested in fiction. What is the best biography you have read?
The best auto-biography I ever read was about the life of Martin Luther King Jr. Super inspiring. What is your favorite fiction book?
I bet that book was extremely inspiring! I love murder mysteries right now, but my all time favorite book would have to be To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird is an absolutely legendary book, something everyone needs to read.
I completely agree. It's a book that everyone should read at least once in their lifetime. What's your favorite book?
My favorite book is to kill a mockingbird by j. K. Rowling.
I haven't read that one yet, but I've heard good things about it. Have you ever read harry potter?
No, I have not. I have heard of it, but never read it. What is it about?
It's about a wizard named harry who goes to hogwarts to learn magic.
That sounds interesting. I will have to check it out. Do you have any other books you would recommend?
Harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is one of my favorites.
That sounds like it would be a good one to start with. Thank you for the recommendation!
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Have a great day!
I'm sure I will. You have a great rest of your day as well. Take care!
Thank you so much. You take care, too. I wish you the best of luck with your job search. How is it going?
It's going well. I've been applying to a lot of jobs, but I haven't heard back from any of them yet.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you thought about going back to school to get your degree?
I've thought about it, but it's so expensive. I don't know if I can afford it.
I can understand that. Do you have any scholarships or grants you can apply for?
I'm not sure. I'll have to look into that. I just don't want to be in debt for the rest of my life.
That's understandable. I wish you the best of luck in finding a scholarship or grant.
Thank you so much. I hope you have a good rest of your day. It was nice chatting with you. Have a good one!
You as well! Have a great rest of the day and good luck in your endeavors!
Thank you very much! I wish the same for you as well. Take care and have a great day!
You too! Thank you for the chat! I hope we can do it again sometime soon!
I hope so too. I would love to read a good book with you and talk about it. Do you have any recommendations?
I don't have a lot of time to read these days, but I do love a good sci-fi book. What is your favorite genre?
I like science fiction too. My favorite author is stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't. I've heard of him, but haven't read anything by him. What's your favorite book by him?
My favorite book of his is the stand. You should check it out if you get a chance.
I'll definitely have to check that one out. I'm always looking for new books to read.
Have you ever read the harry potter series? It's one of my all time favorites.
I read the first one when I was a kid, but I don't remember much about it.
The first one is always the hardest to get through, but once you get into it, you won't be able to put it down.
That's good to know. I'll have to pick it up again and give it another try. Do you have any other book recommendations?
I really like the hunger games series. I've read all of them except the last one.
I haven't read any of those. I will have to check them out. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j.k. Rowling. Have you ever read it?
No, I have never read it. I have heard of it though. Is it a good book?
Yes, it is a very good book. It is about wizards in the wizarding world of hogwarts.
That sounds like it would be a good read. I'll have to pick it up next time I'm at the library.
Yes, I think you will like it. Do you have a favorite book that you have read recently?
I've been reading a lot of jane austen lately. She's one of my favorite authors.
I haven't read any of her books. What is it about her books that you like so much?