Im in to water painting how about you.
Cool there's a lot of things you could paint in arizona.
Oh wow that sounds like a really nice place to live.
I'm a thrill-seeker I go skydiving.
I night walking around whe n the sun goes down.
There are great views of the sunset here.
I can imagine iwas going to go to school out there.
Cool, I love the wildlife but I also own a lizard.
I own a couple canines and rodents.
My lizard and take walks at sunset.
Lmao,thats awsome I use alotta coupons too feed my pets.
I'm working for the local government out here.
Have you fed your lizard yet?
Nah, he doesn't eat very often. How about your pets?
Yep. I feed them daily.
Do you like your dog or rodents better, if you had to choose?
That's a difficult choice to make. I guess I'd have to go for the dog, since they're probably more sentient than rodents are.
What kind of dog is he or she?
I've got a male German Shepard and a female Goldendoodle.
Oh man I'm obsessed with German Shepards. What are their names?
The German Shepard is named Peanut. The Goldendoodle is named Butter.
Oh man that's perfect. My lizards name is Franklin.
Oh, I like that! It's cool to see pets with human names!
Do you plan do get any more animals?
I would love to get another dog, but I'm not sure what to get. Do you have any suggestions?
I think you should get a german shepard. I have one and he is a great dog.
That's a good suggestion. I'll have to look into that. How old is your dog?
My dog is 3 years old. He is the best dog I have ever had. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a golden retriever. I love him so much. He's such a good boy.
That's awesome. Golden's are great dogs. I had one when I was a kid.
They really are. I've had mine since he was a puppy and he's still going strong. What's your dog's name?
That's good to hear. My dogs name is sasha. She's a german shepherd.
That's a great name for a dog. Do you have any other pets besides your dog?
No, I don't. My dog is the only pet I have. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Do you like it?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I do like it, but it's a lot of work.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to pay off your student loans in no time.
I hope so. It's going to be tough, but I think I can do it. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a german shepherd named franklin. He's a good boy.
That's a great name for a dog. I wish I could have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get one soon. What kind of pets do you have?
I have two dogs. One is a golden retriever and the other is a labradoodle.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog but I'm not sure what kind to get.
They are a lot of work, but they are worth it. Do you have any pets at home?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That would be a good idea. I would love to have a dog, but I am not home enough.
What kind of dog would you like to get? I have a german shepherd.
I would like a golden retriever. I think they are the best dogs. What is your dog's name?
My dogs name is lucy. She is a great dog. She loves to play fetch.
That's a great name for a dog. I wish I could get a dog but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any pets of your own at the moment?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I hope you'll be able to get one soon. What kind of pet do you want to get?
I would like to get a german shepherd or a golden retriever. How about you?
I would love to have a dog, but I'm not sure what kind of dog to get.
I think it depends on how much time you have to spend with the dog. If you have a lot of free time, I would recommend a labrador.
I think that's a good idea. I don't know if I have the time for a big dog. Do you have any other pets?
I have a beagle. He's a bit of a handful but I love him.
I love beagles! I had one when I was a kid and he was the best dog ever.
Beagles are great dogs. They're so loyal and they love to cuddle. What's your dog's name?
My dogs name is lucy. She's a german shepherd. I love her so much.
Aww, that's a great name for a dog. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
You should get a golden retriever. I have one and she is the sweetest dog. What kind of dogs do you have?