I am a vegitarian that likes eating fruit.
I like to eat fruit too. Are you male or female?
I am a male that likes smiling just like my father.
I am female and I have a lot of friends.
I dont like keeping friends because my father is an old civil war general.
You must be old. What do you do for fun?
I do it with avid horse.
That sounds expensive. I try not to spend too much money.
You are just like me do you also detest breaking wind in public.
Lol, I don't like to do that either.
I love pineapple alot what about you.
I work from home so I can eat pineapple whenever. I like to be my own boss.
Same here, I dont want a boss to frown at me.
I like most everyone.
I cut up two pineapples today.
Oh yeah, how were they?
Pretty good, i was going to add them to a fruit salad but i couldnt resist and ate em all!
That figures. They have a great taste and juice to drink as well. Bonus they don't make either of us break wind.
Well that is a good bonus. Did you know pineapples are the only fruit that can eat you?
Really? That seems like that can't be true unless the other items we classify as fruit aren't technically fruit.
They have a special enzyme that is used in digestion! Thats why people put it on meats to cook.
Wow did not know that was the reason. Learn something new everyday. So which side of the civil war did your father side with?
The winning side ha. Hows your working from home treating you? I know you love being your own boss now
It's fantastic, i tend to my garden in hopes this year will be a good year for everything and not just tomatoes. Not dealing with daily commutes is nice too.
I hear that! I wish i could do the same,
I use cardboard egg shell cartons, mixture of planting soil and dirt from my yard, mix the two together, plant anywhere from 2-3 seed per section and cover it in saran wrap for a week.
That's a great idea! I'll have to try that. Do you have any other hobbies besides gardening?
No, not really. I don't have much time for hobbies since I work so much.
That makes sense. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? I'm currently studying to be a veterinarian.
I'm studying psychology. I'm hoping to become a counselor someday.
That would be a great job. Do you know what you want to do after you graduate?
I'm not sure yet, but I'm leaning towards counseling. I like helping people.
That's a great thing to do. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors.
Thank you, I appreciate that. I hope you have a good rest of your night. Have a good one!
You too! Have a great rest of the night and good luck with your counselling job!
Thank you so much, that means a lot to me. You have a great night as well!
You're very welcome! Thank you for the kind words. I'm sure you'll be a great counselor one day. How is school going for you?
School is going well. I am studying to be a veterinarian. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I would love to have a dog, but I'm allergic. What kind of pets do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He is the best dog I have ever had.
That's cool. I've always wanted a dog. What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
I've been playing video games a lot lately, too. I'm a big fan of the assassin's creed series.
I have never played assassins creed. Do you play on xbox or playstation?
I play on both, but mostly play on the xbox. I don't have a ps3.
That's too bad. I would love to play with you sometime. What is your favorite video game?
That's a tough one, but I would have to go with halo 3. What's your favorite?
I like call of duty. I play with my friends a lot. What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and surf. It's a great stress reliever for me.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've never been surfing before. Is it hard to learn?
It can be a little difficult at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's really fun.
I'll have to give it a try sometime. Do you have a favorite beach to surf at?
I don't have a beach near me, so I mostly surf in the ocean. Have you ever surfed before?
I haven't, but I've always wanted to try it. It looks like so much fun.
You should try it! It's a great workout and a great way to relax after a long day at work.
I will have to look into it. How long have you been surfing? Have you been doing it for a long time?
I started when I was in high school, so about 10 years now. It's such a great stress reliever.
That's awesome. I would love to learn how to surf. Do you have any tips for a beginner?
There are a lot of great tutorials on youtube, that's how I learned. If you want to learn, I'd recommend that.
I'll have to check them out. Thanks for the recommendation. I'll let you know how it goes.
You're welcome, I hope it goes well for you. I'm sure you'll do great. How is school going?
School is going well. I've been studying a lot and it's been keeping me busy.
That's good to hear. What are you studying? I know you like gardening.
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. Gardening is fun, but I don't think I could do it full time.