Hello.
Hello. Do you have a favorite genre of music?
No I'm more of an outdoors type person, with nature.
Ah what do you like doing outdoors?
Running, camping, hiking with my dog. What are some of your hobbies?
Cool. I like watching movies and hanging with my kids.
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Hmm I don't have a preference. Do you?
Yes coffee, love trying new coffees and ways to brew them.
What's your favorite coffee brew?
Blonde roast, starbucks brand brew is my favorite.
Ah cool! I like starbucks coffee.
I took my dog to the Starbucks drive-thru.
How was your coffee? Do they have blonde roast there? What kind do you usually get?
It was pretty tasty! My dog sure was popular, lol. I love their blonde roast but went for a caramel macchiatto today
I see. I love the caramel macchiatto. Do you have a way to make coffee when you are doing events outdoors?
I have a little camp coffee pot, just pour boiling water from the fire over the grounds. It's quite wonderful at sunrise. Have you ever been able to take your kids camping?
Yes. Well, we have a camper so it's not "roughing it". But we do like getting out in nature. They love it. And, to me, nothing is better than watching the sunrise with a cup of coffee in your hand.
Oh I bet having a camper is so nice! It's one of our savings goals. I do love the idea of having a toilet and shower easily accessible!
It is wonderful. And it allows us to stay longer than we would in a tent. I especially love it because, at night, we pull the screen and projector out and watch movies outside with some popcorn. As my friend says, its more like "glamping".
That actually sounds wonderful. I do love camping but I'm getting older and sleeping on the ground is starting to be a little ridiculous. Glamping through my 40s would probably save my back
I am sure. but with your running and outdoor lifestyle I am sure you are still in great shape?
I do my best to keep in shape, not perfect but I do try. I like to think the outdoors has kept me young!
I can only imagine. Having a camper would definitely give your body ample rest during all your outdoor activities. I love to run also. But it is nice to have a comfortable bed to sleep in afterward.
Yeah, that's true. I don't think I've ever slept in a tent before. Do you?
I have not either. But I would like to try it sometime. I think it would be nice to get a little bit of nature in my life.
Yeah, me too. I've always wanted to go camping, but I've never had the chance.
I have been camping a few times. It is a lot of fun. You should try it. What is stopping you?
I'm not sure. I guess I just don't know where to go or what to do.
You can go with me if you want. I will show you the ropes. You can bring your dog too.
That sounds like a good time. I'll have to see if I can get the time off work. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to read.
Reading is one of my favorite things to do. I love to read as well. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. Have you read any of her books?
I have not, but I have heard good things about her books. I will have to check them out.
I think you would like them. They are very popular. Do you have any other hobbies?
I do like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of fortnite lately.
Fortnite is a great game. I haven't played it in a long time though.
It is a fun game to play with friends. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go camping and hiking. I also like to read. What about you?
I love to read as well. My favorite author is stephen king. What is your favorite author?
Stephen king is a good author. I like him too. I don't have a favorite author.
Do you have any other hobbies besides hiking and camping? I love hiking as well!
I like playing video games. I play fortnite a lot. Do you like video games?
I used to play video games a lot when I was younger, but I haven't played in a long time.
What kind of video games do you play now? Do you play on console or on a computer?
I mostly play on my computer. I've been playing a lot of league of legends lately.
That's cool. I have never played that game. What is it about? Is it fun?
It's a moba game. It's pretty fun, but it can be frustrating at times.
That sounds fun. I'll have to check it out sometime. Have you read any good books lately?
I just finished the first harry potter book. I'm going to start the next one soon.
That's a good one. I haven't read that one yet, but I've heard good things about it.
It's really good. I think you'll like it if you liked the first one. What's your favorite book?
I don't really have a favorite book, but my favorite author is stephen king. I've read a lot of his books.
Stephen king is a good author. I like his books too. Do you like horror books?
Yes, I love horror books. My favorite book is the shining. Have you read it?
I have not read that book. I will have to check it out. What is it about?
It is a horror book about a hotel that is haunted by ghosts. It is very scary.
That does sound scary. I am not a big fan of horror books, but I will give it a try.
I think you will like it. I read it when I was in high school and it was one of the scariest books I have ever read.
That is good to hear. I have been looking for a good horror book to read. Do you have any recommendations?
The shining by stephen king is one of my favorites. Have you ever read it?