Hi. What's your name?
I am james the gamer.
Oh. Hi, james. I am destiny. How old are you?
I am in my thirties. What do you do for fun?
I play in the marching band at my school. I am only 17.
Oh really that's cook. Do you like video games.
A little bit. But I prefer to focus on my studies.
Okay that is good. My favorite game is alistar.
I don't know that one. Want to tell me about it?
Oh yeah it is an adventure game I just got a new laptop for it.
Oh. Do you play console games too? I have a ps4.
Of course I do. I do anything gamingg.
That's cool. I usually just write when I have free time. I love english.
I like that. Do you have any fun outdoor?
I am thinking of writing a book when I graduate from school.
What will your book be about?
I'm thinking of writing a love story set a Japanese internment camp between two teenagers.
Sounds very unique. Do you have an interest in Japan?
I do! I've actually been once and would love to go again. Would you ever travel to Japan?
Yes I am intrigued by the country and I love how technology is a part of everyday life there.
Yes! I agree it's so cool how advanced their use of tech in every day society is. Do you enjoy any Japanese video games?
My favorite is the final fantasy games. They are the best. What is your favorite game?
I love the final fantasy games! But my personal favorite is probably any game from Kingdom Hearts
Can't believe I have not played any of those games. What are they about?
They actually feature a lot of Final Fantasy characters! I guess you could say it's Final Fantasy's cousin. It's about three kids on an island who get pulled into a world of Disney characters and a mysterious dark force they need to fight.
OMG I need to play this game!
Do you have a Playstation? If so, you can play it on your PS4!
No, I don't have a playstation. I have an xbox and a switch.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm sure you can find a way to play the game!
I'll have to look into it. Do you play any other games on your ps4 besides kingdom hearts?
I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately. It's a great game to play with friends.
That's cool. I've never played it, but I've heard of it. Is it fun?
Yeah, it's pretty fun. I'm not great at it but it's a good way to pass the time.
I might have to give it a try. What's your favorite thing to do in the game?
I like to explore the world and do all the side quests. There's so much to do.
That sounds like a good time. I'll have to check it out. What other games do you like to play?
I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately. I really like the building aspect of the game.
I haven't played that one yet, but I've heard good things about it. How long have you been playing?
I have been playing for about a year now. It is a really fun game to play with friends.
That's good to hear. Do you play with your friends online or do you play in person?
I play with my friends in person. It's a lot more fun that way. How about you?
I don't have many friends that play video games, so I mostly play with strangers online.
That's a good way to meet new people. What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to spend time with my family. We like to go to the park and play frisbee.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had more time to do things like that.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog, a cat, and a turtle.
I do not, but I would like to get a dog. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool. I've never had a dog before, so I don't know much about them.
They are very loyal and protective of their owners. They are also very smart. Do you like dogs?
I do like dogs. I used to have one when I was a kid. It was a golden retriever.
That's nice. I have a dog too. It's a labrador. I love him very much.
Labradors are great dogs. What is your favorite thing about being a vet?
I love being able to help people with their pets. It makes me feel like I'm doing a good thing.
That is a great thing to do. I wish I had more time to volunteer at the animal shelter.
I'm sure you could find some time if you really wanted to. You just have to make it a priority. What kind of animals do you work with?
I work with dogs, cats, and birds. The birds are my favorite to work with.
That's really cool. I love birds too. Do you have any pets of your own?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I also have a parrot that lives in my house.
That's so cool. Do they get along with each other or do you have to separate them?
They get along pretty well. I have to keep an eye on them to make sure they don't hurt each other.
That's good. I wish I could have a pet but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of pet would you like to have if you could?
I would love to have a cat or a dog. I think they are the best pets.
I agree. Do you have any pets at home? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have any at the moment, but I would like to get a dog or a cat soon.