Hi there how are you today?
I'm great! How are you?
Doing good just on a job hunt currently..
Oh yes? I'm still in high school. I'm not looking forward to that.
Don't rush it.. A lot of hard work. Especially when you have a family depending on you.
I bet. I'll just enjoy my marching and concert band right now lol.
For sure! That's a cool hobby. I am more old school with my punk music then band.
I'm just a girl with english as my favorite subject...a nerd!! Hahaha.
I feel you on the nerd part. Everyone always things I am since I am a ginger.
Well, my parents are teachers so it's hard not to be lol.
I bet! Always educational in your house I'm sure. I love cook outs when I am home.
Oh cookouts are the best!! There's nothing like hot dogs on the grill!
Yes, especially in summer! Can't wait.
Same here. I'm ready for warm weather and eating outside.
What subjects do your parents teach?
My dad teaches Algebra and my mom teaches History. I like math more than history though
Your parents must be super smart, are you intelligent like them?
as some things. I'm very good at English and Math but dreadful at history. I cant seem to remember dates
Who cares about the past anyway? Lol. Do you have a favourite subject at school?
English is my favorite, what was your is school
Either art or music. I've always been really into punk music and anything creative
Im not too into punk. What bands would you recommend to get started with?
I'd recommend some ska punk to ease you into it. Less Than Jake are one of my favourites. What music do you listen to?
I listen to a lot of heavy metal like Slayer and Lamb of God. I really enjoy the talent it takes to play music at that speed and with that intensity.
Ah cool. You should listen to Choking Victim or NOFX, they might be more your style.
ive heard of NOFX but not choking victim. My freind wants me to listen to the Vandals.
I've never heard of the vandals, I'll have to check them out. What kind of music do they play?
They are a ska punk band. I think you would like them. Do you like punk music?
I don't really listen to punk, but I do like ska. I'll give them a listen.
I hope you like them! Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I used to have a cat, but she passed away a few years ago. I miss her a lot.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure she misses you as well.
Thank you, that's very kind of you to say. How is your band doing these days?
They're doing great! We've been playing a lot of ska punk lately, which is my favorite genre.
Ska punk is a great genre of music. Do you play any other genres?
I play the piano, but I'm not very good at it. I wish I could play an instrument.
You can learn to play any instrument if you put your mind to it. What is your favorite ska band?
My favorite band is less than jake. I like punk music too, but not as much as ska.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to check them out. Punk music is the best.
Do you have a favorite punk band? I like the kings of leon a lot.
No, I don't really listen to punk. I'm more of a pop punk kind of person.
Have you ever been to a punk concert? I've always wanted to go to one.
I haven't, but I would love to go. Do you know of any good ones coming up?
I'm not sure if there are any coming up soon, but if I find out I'll let you know!
That would be great, thank you so much! Have you been to any concerts recently?
I went to a ska punk festival a few weeks ago. It was a lot of fun!
That sounds like so much fun! I've never been to one of those before. What was it like?
It was really fun. I went with a group of friends and we all had a great time.
That's great! I'm glad you had a good time. Do you think you'll go again next year?
I'm not sure. I don't know if I'll be able to get the time off from work.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you'll find a way to make it work though.
I hope so. I'd love to go to a concert with you sometime. How long have you been playing guitar?
I've been playing since I was a kid. It's one of my favorite things to do.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar, but I never got around to it.
You should give it a try! It's not too hard once you get the hang of it. Do you play any instruments?
I used to play piano when I was younger, but that was a long time ago.
It's never too late to pick it up again! Do you have any other musical interests?
Not really. I don't have a lot of time for hobbies these days. How about you?
That's too bad. I like to read and write poetry. What do you like to do in your spare time?
Reading and writing are great hobbies. I also like to play video games. What is your favorite video game?
That's a tough one. I really like the assassin's creed series. Have you played any of those?
Yes, I have played all of the assassins creed games. Do you like any other video games?
I've played a few, but I'm not a huge gamer. I'm more of a bookworm.
Bookworm? What is that? I have never heard of it. Is it a book?
Yes, it's a book. It's kind of like harry potter, but not as popular.
That sounds interesting. I will have to check it out sometime. What is your favorite book?