Hello there!
Hi! How are you doing?
Well, thank you. How are you?
Fab, thanks! I'm here to see my fave band play. I drove 1,000 miles for it!
Wow, so cool. What's your favorite band?
Roxy music. My 2 older brothers took me to see them when I was a kid.
That's so cool! I actually play band in school.
Did you? What do you do now? I'm from farmer stock, meself.
I play for my high school, so it's nothing too cool. Haha!
No, it's totally cool. What instrument?
I play the trumpet. I really enjoy it. It makes time go by in school faster.
Oh, yeah, and there's so many great trumpet players. Check out chet baker.
I have never heard of them, I will have to check them out. Thanks!
How long have you lived here? I just moved -- to charlotte, nc.
My whole life. Oklahoma city, oklahoma!
Nice talking to you! Great place! Have a great day!!
How was the concert you witnessed?
They were amazing, well worth the drive. They even had a great and talented trumpet player.
Oh, cool. Was that the first time you saw them play since your brothers took you to see them as a kid?
Yes, it has definitely been a long time. Have you got to see any bands recently, or are you just focused on your own?
I've actually never been to any sort of concert other than ones where I've played with the school band, if you consider that a real concert. My parents keep me on a pretty tight leash, and school keeps me very busy anyway.
I am sorry to hear that. Would you say your main focus is on music or with academics?
I try to excel in both. I find them sort of complementary, to be honest. I work on music for a while and that makes it easier to go back to academics, and vice versa. It mixes things up.
That is amazing that you are able to do that so successfully. I wish I could've done that back when I was in high school, and maybe I would have pursued my dreams of music. However, I am content with my life now.
What do you do for a living? Are you a farmer like your forebears?
Yes I am. I followed in my parent's foot steps. On this new farm in Charlotte, there is enough space to accompany all of my family.
That's fantastic What all do you grow?
A lot of different things, including corn, potatoes, squash, and tomatoes.
That's great. I wish I had the space to grow my own veggies and fruits.
Yeah, it can be a lot of work, but it's worth it in the long run. Do you have a garden?
Yes, I have a small vegetable garden and a small herb garden. I would love to have a tomato garden someday.
Tomatoes are so easy to grow. You should give it a try. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the rolling stones. How about you?
I don't have a favorite band, but I do like to listen to classical music. What is your favorite classical song?
I really like beethoven's 9th symphony. Have you ever listened to it?
No, I haven't. I'll have to check it out. Do you play any instruments?
I used to play the piano when I was a kid, but that was a long time ago.
That's cool. I wish I could play an instrument. I'm not very musical.
It's never too late to learn! I'm sure you could pick it up in no time if you wanted to. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. My favorite band is the rolling stones. How about you?
I don't have a favorite band, but I do enjoy listening to classical music. Have you ever been to a concert?
No, I haven't been to any concerts. I would love to go to one though.
That would be fun. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I have two dogs. I love them so much. I wish I could have a cat, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
That's a bummer. What kind of dogs do you have? I've always wanted a german shepherd.
My dogs are labrador retrievers. They are the sweetest dogs ever.
I love labs! I had one when I was a kid and he was the best dog I've ever had.
They really are the best dogs. What is your favorite band? Mine is the rolling stones.
I don't have a favorite band. I like all kinds of music. Do you have any other pets?
I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. How long have you been playing the piano?
I've been playing since I was a kid. It's my favorite thing to do in the world.
That's awesome. I wish I knew how to play an instrument. I would love to be able to play classical music.
It's never too late to learn! I'm sure you could pick it up in no time. Do you play any other instruments?
I used to play the drums when I was younger, but I haven't played in a long time.
I've always wanted to learn to play drums. I think it would be a lot of fun.
It's not too hard to learn, but it does take a while to get the hang of it. Have you been to any concerts lately?
I went to see the rolling stones a couple of weeks ago. It was a great show.
That's awesome! I've never been to a concert before. What was your favorite part of the show?
I would have to say my favorite part was when the lead singer came out on stage and sang the national anthem.
That sounds like it would have been an amazing experience. Do you think you'll ever go to another concert?
I would love to go to a kings of leon concert. They are one of my favorite bands.
I haven't heard of them. I'll have to check them out. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
What is your favorite genre of music? I like all kinds of music, but classical is my favorite.
I like classical music too. My favorite band is the rolling stones. What's your favorite classical band?
I don't really have a favorite, but I do like the beatles. Have you ever seen them live?
No, I've never been to a concert before. Do you go to concerts often?