Hi. I work in a fast food restaurant that serves the best ice cream.
What a fun job! I am not a big fan of cold after living in alaska for three years.
I can understand that. I'll be going to college next year so, I need the money.
Congrats! What will you be studying? I am hoping to retire on a beach soon.
Neuroscience. I volunteer at a research lab now.
That sounds fascinating. I don't know much about neuroscience but I know I love my smart car!
Awesome! Believe it or not, I'm also a scout....an eagle scout!
On your honor? My parents are from the north and never introduced me to scouting.
I've done it for years....don't plan to give it up anytime soon.
My hair is blonde and I have blue eyes. What do you look like?
Dark with hazel eyes and a lots of personality.
I can tell, what do you do for fun?
I live by the beach so, I like to fish and swim.
I might have to move in with you when I retire!
How long have you had your smart car?
I've had it for a good five years or so now. It's definitely been helping me to save up for retirement, and it's actually kind of fun once you get used to it.
I bet, I have been wanting to get one. How long does it usually take to fully charge?
Oh, about a couple hours or so. It's just important to remember to recharge it before you need to go out!
That has always been my thing, I don't want to wait forever at places for the car to charge
Yeah, I probably wouldn't have gotten it if I had to regularly drive long distances. I mostly just use it to get around town, so I can just recharge at home most of the time.
I definitely need to consider getting one than! What beach are you hoping to retire on one day?
I haven't made up my mind just yet. It'd be nice to find a place in Hawaii, although I'll need to save up a lot more for that.
Hawaii is amazing, I live by a beach and it is amazing to be within walking distance of the water
I'm sure it is! What beach do you live near?
I live near Daytona Beach, gets a little touristy in the summer, so the beaches are packed, but it is fun.
Hmm, I probably would've enjoyed that in my younger days. But I think I'd prefer somewhere a bit quieter for my twilight years.
I can understand that. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
No, I don't really have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to read.
Reading is one of my favorite things to do. I love to read as well. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. What about you?
Harry potter is a great series. My favorite is the dark tower series by stephen king.
I haven't read that one. I'll have to check it out. Do you have any other hobbies besides reading?
I also like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of fortnite lately.
That's cool. I've never played that game, but I've heard of it. Is it fun?
It is very fun. It is a battle royale game where you try to survive until the end.
That sounds interesting. I might have to give it a try sometime. What other video games do you like?
I like games like call of duty and assassin's creed. What is your favorite video game?
I like assassins creed as well. My favorite game is red dead redemption 2.
I haven't played that one yet. I have heard good things about it though. Do you like any other games?
I like a lot of games. I like fortnite as well, but I don't play it as much as I used to.
Fortnite is fun, but it can get a little repetitive after a while.
Yeah, that's true. It's fun to play with friends, though. What do you do for fun?
I like to spend time with my family. We like to go to the beach a lot.
That sounds nice. I wish I had a beach nearby. I live in the city.
What city do you live in? I've been to new york city a couple of times.
I live on the west coast. I have been to nyc a few times as well.
I've never been to california, but I've always wanted to visit san francisco.
I have never been there but I would love to go. What is your favorite thing about california?
I think my favorite thing is the weather. I love the sunshine and the warm weather.
Do you have a favorite place in california to visit? I would like to go to the beach.
I would have to say the san diego zoo is one of my favorite places to visit.
Have you ever been to the aquarium in santa monica? I think that would be fun.
No I haven't but it sounds like it would be a lot of fun. Have you been there before?
No, I have never been to california. I have always wanted to go though. Do you think you will ever go there?
I would love to go there but I don't think I will ever be able to afford it.
That is too bad. Maybe one day you will have enough money to go. What is your favorite place to travel to?
My favorite place so far has been japan. I love the culture and the food. It is so different from what I am used to.
That sounds like fun. I would like to go to japan someday. I like the culture there as well.
Have you ever been to hawaii? I have been there a few times and love it.
No, I haven't. I've always wanted to go, but I've never had the opportunity.
I have never been to alaska, but it is on my list of places to visit.
I've heard it's beautiful. I'd love to see the aurora borealis. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it in person, but have seen it on tv. It is breathtaking.
I'm sure it is. Do you think you'll be able to see it next time you go to california?
I hope so. I would love to go to hawaii and see it there too.