Hi how are you?
Great, yourself?
Good, do you like to paint? I do!
I'm not much of a painter, I prefer horses. What do you paint?
People playing music since I like to do that as well!
My ancestor had a song written about him. He was an american civil war general.
Wow that is really interesting.
Do you like fruit? I love to eat fruit.
I do like fruit! It's not expensive and it helps me to live within a budget.
Budgets are important! Especially when dealing with such large animals as horses.
Oh I'm sure. I love animals, like people!
I like people, unlike my father. He rarely smiles which makes socializing difficult.
Sounds like my boss. I wish I didn't have one.
Oh, what do you do? Bosses can be tough to deal with.
So which civil war general was your ancestor, anyway?
General Nathan Bedford Forrest. My cousin was named after him.
Really, that is amazing...I was actually thinking of painting General Forrest as my next project.
That's quite a coincidence! Do you paint a lot of civil war scenes?
No, but I was looking for subjects in a book and came across him as someone who had a song written about him so thought the linkage to music and people was there. Also, his old photos have amazing facial lines.
Yes, they do. Did you know he was in the cavalry? that's one of the reasons I like horses. You should paint him on his horse!
Great idea, but for some reason, I can't paint animals. Tried to do a cat once and ended up looking like a emaciated fox!
That's a shame. I tried to paint fruit once and it looked like a cat!
I'll stick to painting people and you stick to eating fruit! Have you been able to grown any fruit trees?
I tried to grown an orange tree, but somebody cut it down. I probably shouldn't have planted it on my neighbor's property.
Yeah, that makes sense. My neighbor got upset when I painted a picture of his wife so I get it.
Yeah, better play it safe and keep painting music instruments.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea. What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I listen to a lot of jazz, blues, and classical. How about you?
I don't listen to much music, but I do like classical music. Do you have a favorite classical artist?
I really like beethoven and mozart. Have you ever listened to them?
No, I haven't heard of them. I'll have to check them out. What is your favorite genre of music?
Classical music is my favorite. It's so peaceful and calming. What's yours?
I'm a big fan of classical as well. My favorite composer is nathan bedford forrest.
I've never heard of him. What kind of music does he compose? Is it classical?
Yes, he is classical. He is one of the greatest composers of all time.
That's really cool. I like classical music, but I don't know much about it.
You should listen to some of his music sometime. I think you would like it. Have you ever been to a concert?
No, I haven't. I would love to go to one of his concerts though.
What is your favorite song of his? I would like to go see him in concert too.
I would have to say my favorite song is the one that goes doo doo do doo.
That is a good one. I also like that one. Do you like any of his other songs?
I like a lot of his songs, but my favorite is probably the one where he sings about his dog.
I have never heard that one before. I will have to check it out. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I have always wanted to get a dog, but I don't have the time to take care of one.
I know what you mean. I wish I had more time to spend with my dog. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Do you like it?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I do like it, but it's a lot of work.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to pay off your student loans in no time.
I hope so. It's going to be tough, but I think I can do it. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I'd love to have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow them.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get one soon. What kind of dog would you like?
I'd like a german shepherd. I think they're the cutest dogs.
That's a good choice. German shephards are great dogs. I have one myself.
Do you think you'll ever get another dog or are you satisfied with the one you have?
I think I'm satisfied for now. Maybe in a few years I'll get another one.
That sounds like a good plan. Do you have any other pets besides the dog and cat?
I have a dog, a cat, and a parrot. I love my pets.
What are their names? I love parrots, but I don't think I could have one as a pet.
My dogs name is duke and my cat's name is lucy. They are both rescues.
That's really cool. I've always wanted to get a dog but I'm not sure if I have the time to take care of one.
Dogs are a lot of work, but they are so worth it. What kind of dogs do you like?
I like all kinds of dogs. I think I'd like a german shepherd.
That's a good choice. German shephards are great dogs. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have time for a pet right now. I'm too busy with school.