Hi I am 40. How old are you?
I'm 42 and I really love horses.
Wow I have horses on some of my rental properties.
That is so cool. What's your favorite food. I love fruit.
I love salads. I make my kids eat salad all the times.
So you have a close family? I have my dad and he hardly ever smiles.
Sad. I have a sister. We love to watch movies. What's your favorite?
I like disney movies. I do happen to be related to a general from the civil war.
Me too! I like frozen. Wow which general?
Lee. However, I don't have the gas problem he had and I don't pass gas in public.
That's good to know. My salad makes me gassy.
I didn't know that salad could do that.
Definitely. With so much fiber in all the lettuce.
Ok. Now that makes sense. Not to mention possible salad dressings.
I talked with one of my horse caretakers yesterday, and they said they had time for someone to ride one of their horses for a while. I was thinking you would be interested in that, I can get you in touch with him to talk more about it.
Wow, that would be wonderful! I love horses but I don't know how to ride. Is there someone who could teach this old gal?
I think I could teach you, if not I could put you in touch with someone who could. Does that interest you?
I would love for you to teach me! It would be a good excuse for us to finally hang out. What do you think?
I am definitely down for that! Although one of my horses can get a little wild, is that okay?
Hmmm maybe you can ride that one! Is it a big property? You must be rich!
I am well off, I have a few rental properties that have horses on them, my main property is quite big without a doubt! So I got to know, what are your favorite disney movies?
Wow, good for you! I would say my favorites have to be The Lion King, and Aladdin. How about yourself?
I love the lion king! Such a classic did you see the non-animated version? And I am a huge Frozen fan. sometimes you just go to "Let it go!"
I haven't had a chance to watch the live action version of the Lion King, is it good? I do like Frozen, I love how it is a story about sisters and their love for each other.
The live action version is very good, but I must say I will always have a soft spot in my heart for the animated version.
Yes, nothing beats the classics! What other movies do you enjoy besides Disney?
I really enjoy the marvel movies, especially the avengers. Do you have a favorite marvel movie?
Avengers is a great movie! My favorite is captain america: civil war. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out sometime. What is your favorite disney movie?
I would have to say frozen. I love disney movies and frozen is one of my favorites.
Frozen is a good movie. I don't think I've seen it all the way through though.
Do you like any other animated movies? I like the lion king and aladdin.
I like those too. I also like the little mermaid and beauty and the beast.
Those are good movies too. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I do not have pets but I would like to get a dog. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That sounds like a great dog. I would love to get one but I don't think I have the time to take care of one.
Yeah, they are a lot of work, but they are so worth it. Have you ever had a dog?
No, I haven't. I'm not sure if I would be able to give them the attention they need.
Yeah, that's a good point. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and surf. I also like to read. What about you?
I love to read as well. I've been trying to find a good book to read lately. Any recommendations?
I really like the harry potter series. What is your favorite genre of books to read?
Harry potter is one of my favorites as well! I really enjoy sci-fi and fantasy books.
Have you read any of stephen king's books? I really enjoyed the dark tower series by him.
I have read a few of his books, but not all of them. Do you have a favorite book of his?
I would have to say the stand is my favorite of his. Have you ever read that one?
I have not, but I have heard good things about it. I will have to check it out.
I would love to hear what you think of it once you read it. What is your favorite book?
I will let you know what I think. My favorite book is the harry potter series.
Harry potter is a great series. I have never read the books but I love the movies.
The books are so much better than the movies in my opinion. You should give them a try. What's your favorite movie?
My favorite movie is the lion king. It is my favorite animated movie of all time.
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard good things about it. Have you seen any other disney movies?
I have seen all of them except frozen. I am not a big fan of that one.
I don't think I've seen frozen either. What is it about it that you don't like?
I just do not like disney princess movies in general. I think they are overrated.
I can understand that. I'm not a huge fan of them either. Do you have any siblings?
Yes, I have two brothers and two sisters. How about you, do you have brothers or sisters?
I have a brother and a sister. My brother is older than me and my sister is younger than me.
Wow, that's a big age difference. How old are you and your sister? Do you get along with them?
We are both in our early twenties. We get along pretty well. We have a lot in common.
That's good to hear. I wish I had a sibling, but I don't.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any siblings that are close to you?
No, not really. I'm an only child. How about you? Are you close to your family?
I am close to my family. I have two brothers and two sisters. They are my best friends.