I really love eating meat, how about you?
I wish I'm a broke student.
Do you enjoy sports? I enjoy snowboarding.
I do some martial arts so yeah, whats your favorite?
Do you like comedy? Who is your favorite comedian?
I don't actually, but I do love some jiu-jitsu.
That's too bad. My favorite comedian is charlie parker.
Is he funny? You said you loved food do you like dairy?
He is funny. I do like dairy. Are you vegan?
I am because I can't even dairy foods.
Well, that's better for your health. Do you like swimming?
I do love it, it's especially fun in the summer.
I would enjoy going swimming together sometime.
I'd like that too! We might have a difficult time deciding where to have lunch though!
I know of a great vegan place by the lake. Do you prefer swimming in the lake or at a pool?
Definitely the lake. The pools get too crowded in the summer. And when I'm out of the water I can practice Jiu Jitsu on the bank to dry off.
Oh that is great! I like to practice yoga on the beach when I am out of the water. Maybe I can show you yoga, and you can teach me some Jiu Jitsu moves!
Sure! And there's a comdey club not too far from the lake. We could make a whole day of it!
Wow, that sounds like the perfect day! I thought you didn't like comedy though, you don't have to go on my behalf!
Well, I thought I might learn to like it better if there was someone with me to explain the jokes. English isn't my first language.
Oh, I didn't know that, you speak English very well! What is your first language?
A dialect of Japanese only spoken in rural parts of the country.
Wow, that is so cool! When did you move here from Japan? Do you miss it?
My family moved to america when I was 12. I do miss it.
How long have you been living in japan? Have you ever visited your family in america?
I have been here for a few years now. I have never visited my family in the us.
Do you speak japanese fluently? I would love to visit japan someday.
I don't speak it fluently, but I do know a few phrases. It would be a great place to visit.
That would be so cool. I've always wanted to go to japan. What is your favorite thing to do there?
I would like to see the temples and shrines. I would also like to try some of the food.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I'd love to try the food too. Do you like sushi?
Sushi is my favorite food. I love it so much. Have you ever had it?
No, I haven't. I'm not a big fan of seafood. What's your favorite food?
I don't really have a favorite food, but I do love mexican food. What about you?
Mexican food is great! I love tacos and burritos. What is your favorite dish?
My favorite dish would have to be enchiladas. I could eat them every day.
That sounds delicious! Do you make them yourself or do you go to a restaurant to get them?
I usually get them from a restaurant, but sometimes I make them at home. Do you like to cook?
Yes, I love to cook. It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
What's your favorite thing to make? I like to make spaghetti and meatballs.
I love making mexican food. I have a great recipe for carne asada nachos.
I would love to try your recipe sometime. I'm always looking for new recipes to try.
I can email it to you if you'd like. I'd be happy to share it with you. What is your favorite food?
That would be great! My favorite food would have to be tacos. How about you?
Tacos are my favorite food too! I love them with salsa and guacamole.
That sounds delicious! Do you have a favorite type of taco? I'm partial to beef.
I like beef too, but I also like chicken and pork. What's your favorite dish?
I love mexican food. My favorite dish is enchiladas. Have you ever had them?
No, I haven't. I don't think I've ever even heard of them. What are they?
They are a Mexican dish made with beef, pork, and chicken. They are delicious.
That does sound delicious. I'll have to look up a recipe and try them sometime.
I can send you the recipe when I get home from work if you'd like. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
That would be great. I have to work this weekend, but I'm looking forward to it.
Okay, I'll send it over as soon as I can. What do you do for work?
I work as a translator. I translate japanese into english and vice versa.
That sounds like a lot of fun. How long have you been doing that? Do you enjoy it?
I've been doing it for a few years now. I do enjoy it, but it can be stressful at times.
Yeah, I can imagine it would be a bit stressful. Do you get to travel a lot?
Not as much as I would like to, but I try to get away at least once a year.
That's good. I wish I could travel more. I would love to go to japan.
That would be fun. I've always wanted to go there. What would you want to do there?
I would really like to see the temples and shrines. I think that would be really cool.
I've never been to a temple or shrine. I don't know much about them.
I think it would be so cool to see them in person. Have you ever been to mexico?