Nice to meet you! How are you today?
I'm good thank you. How are you?
Okay, my beetle is in the shop with some engine issues. Anything interesting going on?
Not must just going to take my three dogs for a walk.
They must be a handful! Do you include your dogs in any of your hobbies?
Not really just enjoy walking them.
Favorite foods? Personally I love italian, my grandmother from italy, makes the most amazing spaghetti..
I like any thing spicy really but I do enjoy italian..
What is your favorite dish that is spicy?
Fajitas or anything mexican. Do you have a job? I am a grad student.
I am between jobs right now, unfortunately. What do you do for work?
I go to university but I have a part time job in a music shop.
What are your dog's name and breeds?
I have two Great Danes named Milos and Dante, and then a corgie named Buster. Do you have any dogs?
no not yet but i do want one. Are Great Danes good dogs to have?
They're really great dogs and I love mine, but their size can be a challenge, and they cost a lot because of how much they eat. I feel mighty safe when I walk them though.
yes i seen a couple of them and they are pretty big but they are cute. I may get a smaller dog though. not sure yet. Have you ever had a little dog? the ones that dont get real big
Corgies are pretty small. But I've not had anything really tiny like a chihuahua or anything like that. They're definitely easier to take care of (usually), but I find something particularly attractive about big dogs.
I will just have to look around some more because i just not sure what kind i really want. I see you love Mexican food so do i. I love me some authentic Mexican. What's your fav. Mexican dish?
Other than fajitas I really like chimichangas, but I usually load mine up with hot sauce and jalapenos to up the spice level. How about you?
I love a good taco. and i loved mines with jalapenos
Yes, tacos are a good fail-safe at most Mexican restaurants. Do you like chicken, beef, shrimp, or what as your taco filling?
I like all them but i usually do chicken. sometime i put them all together. What about you?
Yes, I've done a sea-land-and-air taco once, with beef, chicken, and shrimp. It's not my preferred way to eat tacos, but it was good. Normally I do chicken as well, but beef is a close second. Always with extra hot sauce.
I've never had a sea land and air taco. That sounds interesting. I'll have to try it sometime.
You should definitely try it! It's a lot of work, but so worth it. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. I don't really have a specific genre that I prefer.
That's cool. Do you have any pets? I've got a dog and a cat.
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
Aw, I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a great dog. What was his name?
His name was charlie. He was the best dog I've ever had. How is your dog doing?
Charlie is a great name for a dog. My dog is doing great, thanks for asking.
That's great to hear. What kind of dog do you have? I have a great dane.
He is a german shepherd. I love great danes, they are so cute.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
They are great dogs, but they are a lot of work. You have to walk them every day. Do you walk your dogs?
No, I don't walk my dogs. I just let them run around in the backyard.
That sounds like a great way to spend time with them. I wish I had a yard for my dogs to play in.
What kind of dogs do you have? I have a great dane and a corgi.
I have two german shepherds. They are a handful but I love them.
German shephards are so cute! I've never had one, but I've always wanted one.
They are great dogs. Very loyal and protective of their owners. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a dog. What are your dogs names?
I don't have any pets right now. I've been thinking about getting a cat, though.
That's a great idea. I love cats. Do you know what breed you want to get?
I think I'm going to get a maine coon cat. They're so cute and fluffy!
Maine coon cats are gorgeous. I have a german shepherd and a great dane.
That's so cool! I love great danes. I used to have one when I was a kid. Do they shed a lot?
They don't shed as much as other breeds, but they do shed. I vacuum a lot.
That sounds like a lot of work, but I'm sure it's worth it! Do you have any other pets?
I don't have any pets at the moment. I've been thinking about getting a cat.
Do you think you'll get one from a shelter or do you want to adopt from a breeder?
I think I'm going to go to the shelter and see if they have any kittens.
That's a good idea. I'm not sure if I want a kitten or a puppy.
I think it depends on what you want. Do you want a companion, or a pet?
I think you're right. I think a pet would be better for me. What kind of pets do you have?
I have a german shepherd and a great dane. I love them both.
I love great danes! I had one when I was a kid and he was the best dog ever.
They really are great dogs. They are very loyal and protective of their owners. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Do you like it?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I do like it, but it's a lot of work.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to pay off your student loans in no time.
I hope so. It's going to be tough, but I think I can do it. Do you have any pets?
I do. I have a dog named charlie. He's a great dane. What kind of dog do you have?