Hello! What do you do for a living?
I live on a large farm with beans and corn.
Cool. How many siblings do you have?
None, maybe because my father is a preacher.
I'm an only child too. I do have two dogs though.
I do like dogs, do you like country music? It's my favorite.
I like country music. By the way..do you grow beans and corn?
Yes and I like to drive trucks and tractors around on the farm. Tractors being my favorite.
That would be fun. My dad was in the navy.
That's cool. Winter is my favorite time of the year, what about you?
We didn't have much winter since growing up I was in school in france and spain.
Cool, but with the farm and my father being a preacher not much traveling for me.
I had an argument with my Dad yesterday. He still thinks I should join the Navy.
I think you should do whatever you please!
Thank you for that encouragement. Thats so nice. How are you?
Good thanks. Just got home from work actually! Truck driving can be exhausting on your behind.
Are you driving the truck for the farm or another job? I hate being in a car for a long time. Makes my behind go numb.
Yep, I transport food to and fro! It's good honest work but I won't lie, I think it ages my body a bit. Do you ever listen to country music in the car?
Oh nice. I'm sure it is hard on your body. Thats the only music I listen to when I am driving. Do you have a favorite country song?
Yeah! My favorite country song is anything by Billy Ray Cyrus! How about you?
I like his new song, I Want My Mullet Back. I'm a Garth Brooks lover. I Got Friends in Low Places is my favorite probably.
ME TOO! I love Garth Brooks as well. Any good music artists in France and Spain?
I used to know them all but now I only listen to American music.
Cool. Did you live there because of your dad?
Yes, my dad was in the navy so we moved around a lot. Where do you live?
I live in the suburbs of new york city. It's a great place to live.
I've never been there but I've always wanted to go. What is your favorite thing about living there?
My favorite thing is the food. I love italian food. What's your favorite food?
I love spaghetti and meatballs. Have you ever been to italy?
No, but I would love to go someday. Do you have any recommendations on where to go?
I would recommend going to rome. It is a beautiful city with a lot of history and culture.
Thank you for the recommendation. I will put it on my list of places to travel to.
I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. I would also recommend visiting the colosseum and the vatican museum.
Thank you, I will add those to my itinerary. How long have you lived in new york?
I've lived here my whole life. It's a great place to live if you like the city life.
I would love to live in the city, but I don't know if I would be able to afford it.
Yeah, it can be a bit pricey, but it's worth it in my opinion. What kind of music do you like?
I like a lot of different kinds of music, but country is my favorite. Do you have a favorite country artist?
I like country music too. My favorite artist is johnny cash. What's your favorite?
Johnny cash is a great artist. I like john denver. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I work in a hospital as a nurse. I love my job.
That's great. I'm glad you love your job. It's important to love what you do.
Yes, it is important to have a job that you love. It makes the day go by faster. What kind of music do you like?
I like a lot of different kinds of music. I don't really have a favorite. Do you like country music?
Yes, I love country music. Have you ever been to a concert or festival?
No, but I would love to go to a country music concert. What is your favorite country artist?
I would have to say johnny cash. He is one of my favorite artists of all time.
I have never heard of him. I will have to listen to some of his music and see if I like it.
You should definitely check him out. He has been around for a long time and is considered one of the greats. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I think it's important to have a pet. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of assassin's creed lately.
That's cool. I haven't played that one yet, but I've heard good things about it.
It is really good. I would recommend it if you are looking for a new game to play. What have you been up to lately?
That's good to hear. I'll have to check it out. I've been working a lot lately. It's hard to find time to play games.
Yeah, I know what you mean. I don't have much free time either. What kind of work do you do?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. I wish I could find something like that for me. What are you studying in school?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of animals with that.
I hope so. I want to work with all kinds of animals, not just dogs and cats. What do you want to do when you grow up?
I'm not sure. I'd like to do something with animals, but I don't know what.