How are you? I just put my baby down for a nap.
Im great im gathering my gear for the weekend.
Where are you going on your trip?
Me and the guys are going rock climbing.
I'd like to try that someday when the kids are older.
Ahh well its fun and we jam out to 21 pilots as we climb.
The younger students at my college love that band.
I love music so much I named my dog leto we go on walks daily.
We might get a dog when I finish my teaching degree.
Well good luck I wanna work my way up to owning my work.
What kind of work do you do?
Im a sous chef at a nice casual resturant.
I do illustrations for kids'books but I can't make a living at it.
Why not even childrens kindles need pictures..
How was your rock climbing expedition with the boys?
It was great! We had a lot of fun, although they are more avid climbers than I am. I bet you stay busy with your baby..
yes i do she is very active and love to get into everything. I would love to go rock climbing but i'm a little scared. How did you get over the fear?
I was really scared in the beginning (and even not sometimes). But my boys wanted me to do it so badly, I did it for them. One of those motherly sacrifices...lol. It helps to start on a small climbing wall. Perhaps you could try that.
That good advice and you right the thing we do for out love ones I will try it hopefully soon. I see you like music, what other types of music do you like?
I actually love all kinds of music. Its hard to pin it down to one kind. This week I like 21 Pilots, but next week it may be something entirely different. Do you like music?
yes i love all types myslf and just depends on the day what kind i want to listen t but i like country, r&b and reggae
That's awesome! I think it's really cool that you do children't book illustrations. I am so envious of anyone who can draw anything. It must be a lot of fun.
It's loads of fun to see my work come to. I love that even when i'm good my work will live on and bring happiness to kids.
So true! And that totally makes sense that you are studying to be a teacher. One day a child in your class may be reading a book you illustrated!
right i didn't even think of that.Yes i love kids they are just the best little people. Do you have any other pets?.
No, just my dog, Leto. He's a golden retriever. We've had him for 4 years, and he is just the best dog. The boys love him. They are constant companions. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
They are a lot of work, but they are so worth it. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the rolling stones. What is your favorite band?
I like the stones too. My favorite band would have to be the red hot chili peppers.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to check them out. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I'm currently unemployed, but I'm looking for a job.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find something soon. What kind of job are you looking for?
I'm trying to get a job as an accountant. I have a degree in accounting.
That's great. I wish you the best of luck. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. I also like to read.
That's cool. I like video games too. What is your favorite genre of books to read?
I like sci-fi and fantasy books. How about you? What are your favorite books?
I like fantasy books too. My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling.
I haven't read that one yet, but I've heard good things about it. What do you like about it?
I like that it is set in the wizarding world of hogwarts.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out sometime. Have you read any good books lately?
I have been reading a lot of jane austen lately. She is one of my favorite authors.
I've never heard of her. What kind of books does she write? I'm always looking for new books to read.
She is a sci-fi author. She writes a lot about space exploration.
That sounds really interesting. Do you have a favorite book of hers that you've read so far?
I haven't gotten a chance to read any of her books yet, but I am looking forward to it.
I hope you enjoy it when you do get around to reading it. What is your favorite genre of books?
I like sci fi and fantasy books. I also like mystery and suspense. What about you?
I like fantasy books as well. Have you ever read the harry potter series by j.k. Rowling?
No, I have not. I have heard of it but never read it. Is it good?
Yes, it is very good. It is one of the best selling books of all time. Do you like to read?
I used to read a lot when I was younger, but I haven't in a long time.
That's too bad. What kind of books do you like? Do you have any favorite authors?
I like sci-fi and fantasy books. My favorite author is john grisham.
I've never read any of his books. I'll have to check him out. What's your favorite book of his?
My favorite book is the dark tower series by stephen king. Have you ever heard of it?
I've heard of the series, but haven't read it. I'm more of a harry potter fan.
Harry potter is a great series. Do you like the movies or the books better? I think the movies are better than the books.
I think I prefer the books, but I haven't seen the movies in a long time. I should watch them again.
Do you have a favorite character from the books? I like harry and hermione.
Hermione is definitely one of my favorites. I also really like ginny.
Ginny is a good character too. What is your favorite book from the series? Mine is goblet of fire.
I would have to go with deathly hallows. I love all of the books but that one is my favorite.
That's a good one too. Do you think harry potter is better than lord of the rings?