Ey, just a normal straight edge highschooler here.
Hey, me, too, but I am already working really hard ahead of college next year.
I see, same! I'm going to college and have gotten straight a's. Hard though.
Yes, and my night job cooking hamburgers at a diner makes it tougher.
I dont have a job but I run a lot. Burgers after a run are good.
No time for sports for me, weekends feeding lab rats at a research lab!
Weekends are just listening to music for me. Its like meditiation.
The closest I get to meditation is gorging on ice cream after hours at the diner!
Nice! I need it to stay sane. Parents dont support school. Blue collar workers.
Wish I had parents, just me and deaf doggie. He's why I'm interested in neuroscience.
Aw, thats sad. My dads a steel worker. He works long hours in factories.
Hard work makes it in life! Good lesson for you, for us both.
Does your deaf dog know any tricks? How do you communicate with your dog?
My dog isn't able to do any tricks. I mostly tell him he's being a good boy by patting his head. It really comes down to physical affection with him.
You must be a great dog owner. I would love to get a dog, what breed is yours and what is his name?
He is a sweet little beagle named Sparky.
How cute! Have you ever had any other pets? I once had a hamster named Leonardo.
That sounds cute. I had another dog named Paco when I was a lot younger. I bet that your dog would enjoy running with you if you got one.
Yes, that is a great idea. I know border collies like to run, well they like to chase sheep anyway. Maybe that would be a good breed to get.
Yeah, I think so too. It's really great for them to get a lot of exercise. I wish I had more time to take my dog outside.
Yes, you seem really busy. Maybe I can come take your dog for a walk sometimes to see if I am fit for the responsibility of a dog while also helping you out at the same time.
I think that would be a great idea. Sparky would really love to have the company!
Sounds like a plan! Maybe afterwards I can stop by the diner and try these famous hamburgers you make!
Haha, well they are pretty great. Just be careful, because you might get addicted to them!
That's what I'm worried about! I don't want to get hooked on burgers. What kind of burgers do you make?
I make burgers with a lot of cheese, bacon, and chili peppers.
That sounds delicious! Do you make your own buns or do you buy them at the store?
I buy them from the store. I'm not very good at baking. Do you like to bake?
I do! I love baking cakes and cookies. What is your favorite dessert to make?
I like to make cheesecake. It's so hard to make, but it's worth it.
Do you have a favorite recipe to use? I would love to try it out sometime.
I don't have a recipe, but I can tell you how to make it if you want.
That would be great! I'm always looking for new recipes to add to my repertoire.
Ok, I'll send it to you later today. What kind of music do you listen to?
Thank you so much! I listen to a lot of jazz, blues, and rock. What about you?
Jazz and blues are great. I like to listen to classical music when I cook.
What is your favorite classical composer? I like mozart and beethoven.
I don't really have a favorite. I just like listening to music. Do you have any pets?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
Aw, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was he? I love dogs.
He was a german shepherd. He was the best dog I've ever had.
I'm sure he was. German shephards are great dogs. I had one when I was a kid.
They really are. I wish I could get another one, but I just don't have the time right now. How old were you when you had yours?
I think I was 7 or 8. It was a long time ago. Do you have any pets now?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. It's hard to lose a pet. What was your dog's name?
His name was charlie. He was a german shepherd. What kind of dog do you have?
That's a great name for a dog. I have a golden retriever. I love him so much.
They are great dogs. I had one when I was a kid. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? Do you like it?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I do like it, but it's a lot of work.
Oh wow, that sounds really interesting. What made you want to become a vetinarian?
It's something I've always wanted to do. I think it's really important to help animals.
That's very noble of you. Do you have any pets of your own? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't, but I would love to get a dog someday. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool. I've never had a dog before. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? I'm thinking of going back to school for nursing.
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of animals with that.
I hope so. I want to work with all kinds of animals, not just dogs and cats. What kind of music do you like?
I like classical music. My favorite composer is johann sebastian bach.