What's up? I just got in from a run..
Not too much just got back from fishing/.
Is it spring yet where you live?
It is, perfect weather for fishing. Do you enjoy the ocean?
I do. My parents are from alaska, so I've seen the ocean from way up north.
Oh alaska is nice, great fish there.
Great fishing and hunting too. Grandpa used to hunt caribou.
Nice, what do you do for work?
I'm a computer programmer at a tech firm. How about you?
I'm an assistant at a doctors office! But my true passion is fishing.
Do you have a fishing boat?
I do and a condo near the beach, I'm a lucky guy.
I enjoy fishing in Alaska
Is that your favorite spot? What is the biggest you have caught?
Yes, it's so peaceful. I have caught a pretty big salmon. There's nothing like camping under the Northern lights, cooking a fish you just caught over a fire.
That sounds so nice. I just cleaned my fishing boat.
Ooh, do you have a trip planned soon or was this just a regular cleaning?
Just my version of spring cleaning! But I would love to plan a trip soon
That's great. Maybe we can go fishing together and trade stories. I love being out on the water. I'm a pretty good cook, too. haha
What is your favorite meal to cook? I make a great calzone
Calzones are delicious! I love them with spinach and mushrooms. Hmm. My favorite meal would probably be soup. I love making soup. You can put anything in it and play around. That's also how I use up a lot of my leftovers. haha
That's good. I should use that trick. I hate throwing away leftovers but I get so sick of them so fast.
I hear ya. I can only eat the same thing so many times in a row. Seriously, though, just throw things in a soup! My dad would call it throw-together soup. haha Start with stock or bullion and water, pick some noodles, veggies, a meat, then add sauces/cheese/seasonings until you are happy.
That's a great idea. I always want to try a baked potato soup. Now you're making me hungry.
Baked potatoe soup sounds amazing. I would love to try it sometime. What is your favorite kind of soup?
My favorite soup would have to be chicken noodle. Do you have a favorite food?
My favorite food is pizza. I love italian food in general, but pizza is my favorite.
I love pizza as well. It's hard to find good pizza in new york, though.
That's true. New york pizza is the best. What's your favorite toppings?
I like pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms. What about you?
That's a good choice. I like pineapple, ham, and jalapenos.
I've never tried that combination. I'll have to give it a try next time I order pizza.
It's really good. You should try it sometime. What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I listen to a lot of classical music. My favorite composer is beethoven.
That's cool. I don't listen to classical too much, but I do like it.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog, a cat, and a parrot.
I've got a dog and a cat. I love them both. What's your dog's name?
His name is duke. He's a german shepherd. What are your dogs names?
Duke is a great name for a dog. My dogs names are sasha and charlie.
Charlie is such a cute name. What kind of dogs are they? I love dogs.
They are both labrador retrievers. They are the sweetest dogs ever.
I love labs. I had one when I was a kid and he was the best dog.
They really are the best dogs. Do you have any pets of your own at the moment?
I do. I have a dog and a cat. I love them both so much. How about you?
I have two dogs as well. One is a german shepherd and the other is a chihuahua.
That's so cool! What are their names? Do you take them to the beach often?
They are named sam and dean. I try to take them as often as I can.
That's great. I wish I could take my dogs on walks, but I live in the suburbs.
I'm sure your dogs would love to go on a walk with you. What kind of dogs do you have?
I have a golden retriever and a labrador. I love them to death.
Labradors are great dogs. I've never had one but I've always wanted one.
You should get one. They are the best dogs. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's a good idea. I think it's important to have time for yourself and your pets.
Yeah, I think you're right. I'm going to look into adopting a dog. What breed do you think I should get?
I think a german shepherd would be a good choice. They're very loyal and protective.
That's what I was thinking too. I've always wanted a dog, but I wasn't sure what breed to get.
They're great dogs, but they can be a bit high maintenance. They need a lot of exercise. Do you think you'll be able to keep up with that?
I don't think I'll have a problem with that. I love to work out, so I'm sure I can keep up.
You'll have to let me know how it goes. I'd love to get one of my own someday.
Yeah, I'll let you know. You should definitely get one, they're great companions. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool, I've always wanted to get a dog but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I would recommend getting a dog from a rescue shelter. They have a lot of dogs that need homes. Do you like dogs?