Hello there, how are you today?
I am doing well, thank you. And yourself?
I am good thanks for asking, how was your day?
It was tired. I am a bit of a workaholic. You?
I have to work to support my son.
It's tough. I'm trying to get out of debt, and I'm only 26!
Oh my, yup must be tough at such an early age.
You bet. What do you and your son like to do?
I like eating vegetables and he hates them with a passion.
Haha, like most kids. I like vegetables but prefer meat.
I am now teaching him how to recycle stuff.
That's great! Good for the economy!
You mentioned you're a workaholic, do you enjoy your work?
Sometimes I do, but sometimes my job as a software developer gets too stressful. Do you enjoy your job?
To me my job is a job. It is a way to support my son
I am sorry to hear that, I wish you would enjoy your job more. What is your job by the way?
I am a bookkeeper for a small company
Oh okay. Well, I'm glad you still have time even with your work to teach your son important things like recycling.
It is funny, recycling comes so natural to me. But for others it does not. My son just wants to throw everything away.
Yeah I understand, I was the exact same way when I was a kid. However, I have learned since then that it is good for the environment to recycle.
yes I agree. So how is your job coming alone?
It is paying well, so hopefully I will be able to get rid of all my debt soon.
I know you will since your are such a workaholic.
Thank you for the confidence.
You are very welcome. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors. Do you have any other hobbies?
Thank you. I like to read and write poetry. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't been reading much lately. I've been spending a lot of time with my son.
That's nice. How old is your son? I don't have any kids yet, but I hope to someday.
My son is 8 years old. I hope you get to have kids one day. What do you do for a living?
I work as a bookkeeper for a small company. It pays the bills, but it's not what I want to do for the rest of my life.
I can understand that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to read and write poetry. What about you? What are your hobbies?
I love to read as well. I also like to play video games. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. Have you read any of her books?
No, I haven't. I don't know much about her books. What do you like about them?
I like that they are about wizards, witches, and wizardkind.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check them out. Do you like any other authors?
I like jk rowling. She has written a lot of great books. She is a great author.
I've heard of her, but I've never read anything of hers. What's your favorite?
I would have to say the harry potter series is my favorite. What is your favorite book?
I don't have a favorite book, but my favorite author is stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't. I would like to read some of stephen kings books though.
You should give him a try. I think you would like his books. Do you like horror books?
Yes, I love horror books. I read a lot of horror books when I was a kid.
That's cool. I'm not much of a reader, but I do like to watch horror movies.
Do you have any recommendations for me? I'm always looking for new horror movies to watch.
I really like the shining. It's one of my favorites. What's your favorite horror movie?
I haven't seen that one yet. My favorite is the exorcist. Have you seen it?
I have seen it, but it's been a long time. I'll have to watch it again.
Do you like any other horror movies? I've been trying to get my husband to watch them with me.
I don't really like horror movies, but if I had to pick one, it would be the conjuring.
I've heard good things about that movie, but I've never seen it. What is it about?
It's about a haunted house in the middle of the woods. It's pretty scary.
That does sound scary. I might have to check it out sometime. Do you have a favorite horror movie?
I really like the exorcist. Have you seen it? It's one of my favorites.
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to add it to my list of movies to watch.
It's on netflix if you have it. I think you'll like it if you like horror movies.
I don't have netflix, but I'll see if I can find it somewhere else. I love horror movies!
It's not really a horror movie, it's more of a suspenseful thriller. What kind of horror movies do you like?
I like the ones that scare the crap out of me. I like to be scared. Do you like scary movies?
Yes, I love scary movies. Have you seen the exorcist? It's one of my favorites.
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out. What is your favorite scary movie?
I don't really have a favorite, I like them all. What's your favorite genre of music?
I like a lot of different kinds of music. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers.