Hi! What have you been doing today?
Pretty well. Getting warm here. How are you?
I'm doing ok. Thinking about quitting my job.
What makes you want to quit?
I work long hours for low pay and don't have enough time to spend with my family.
I used to be a veterinarian but I quit to travel so I say go for it!
Thanks for the support. What do you do now?
I just started singing for a living, and I have my own blog.
Thanks for the support. What do you do now?
I just started singing for a living, and I have my own blog.
Nice. What kind of music? I like old school punk.
Folk music, a lot easier to do without a band.
Makes sense. What do you like to do on the weekends?
I hike a lot with my dog. What about you?
Where is your favorite place to travel?
My favorite travel destination that I have been to so far is the Maldives, but I am going to Bora Bora soon and i have heard great things. Do you get to travel often?
No, i barely have enough time for my family as it is with my dang job.
That is the worst when you work so hard and it just doesn't work out the way you want. I hope you can find a job with better hours and pay so you can spend some more quality time with your family.
Yeah its a bit of a struggle right now, I have to take what i can so we can survive comfortably.
What kind of work do you enjoy doing maybe you can find something that will suit you better.
I always wanted to get into woodworking as more than a hobby. I may have to just take the plunge and do it.
Maybe you could do something like that from home. Create your work and sell it to local people or online.
Yeah that is kind of what i was thinking. Hows your folk music going? Did you get a band together?
That sounds like a great plan. Yeah we are all getting together next we to iron out all the pieces so hopefully we will start creating music in the next few weeks.
Please tell me when you guys are gonna play, id love to come out!
Oh that would be amazing. Thank you for the support much appreciate it.
No problem, I would love to hear what you guys have come up with so far. Do you play any other instruments?
I play the piano as well as the drums. I have been playing since I was a kid.
That's awesome, I wish I could play an instrument. I've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar.
You should give it a try. It is not as hard as you think it is. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the rolling stones. How about you?
I don't really have a favorite. I like a lot of different types of music. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both. What do you do for a living?
I am a veterinarian. I work long hours, but I love what I do.
That's great. I'm glad you love what you do. How long have you been a vet?
I have been in the veterinary field since I was a teenager. It is a passion of mine.
That's awesome. I wish I had a passion like that. What kind of dog do you have?
He is a german shepherd. He is the best dog I have ever had.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog but I'm not sure what breed to get.
Do you have any pets of your own? I have a cat and a dog. I love them both.
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
I'm sorry to hear that. It's hard to lose a pet. Do you think you'll get another one?
I would like to, but I don't have the time right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I'm sure you'll find the time when you're ready. What kind of pets do you have?
I have two dogs, a golden retriever and a chihuahua.
Wow, that's a lot of dogs! Do they all get along with each other or do they fight a lot?
They get along pretty well. I have to keep them separated when I'm not home so they don't eat each other's food.
That's good to hear. I've always wanted a dog but I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to take care of it properly.
Yeah, it can be a bit of a hassle, but it's worth it. Do you have any pets at home?
No, I don't have time for a pet right now. Maybe in the future I'll get one.
Yeah, that's a good idea. They're a lot of work, but they're worth it in the end.
I'm sure they are. I just don't know if I have the time to give them the attention they need. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's a handful, but I love him.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog but I'm not sure what breed to get.
They're great dogs. I'd recommend getting one from a reputable breeder, though. Do you have any other pets?
That's a good idea. I don't have any pets right now but I used to have a dog when I was younger.
Do you think you'll get another dog in the future, or are you satisfied with the one you have now?
I think I'm satisfied for now. It's a lot of work to take care of a dog.
That's good to hear. What kind of dog is it, if you don't mind me asking?
He's a german shepherd. He's the sweetest dog I've ever met.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what kind to get.
I think it's important to adopt from a shelter or rescue if you're not sure. Do you know what breeds you like?
That's a good point. I don't know much about breeds, so I'll have to do some research.
I think that's the best way to go about it. There are so many different breeds that it's hard to pick just one.
That's true. I guess I'll just have to go to the shelter and meet some of them. How long have you had your dog?