Hey there!
Hi how are you tell me about yourself.
I am pretty quiet and love to browse the web looking for deals!
Great I try to run 5 miles each day rather than spend the day inside.
I wish I could exercise more, I ve got the kids running me around all day.
How is your diet? I try to stay with meat and protiens.
I am a southern girl, bbq and I love using the crock pot.
Do you work? Im a freelance programmer.
Thats great! I am just a homemaker, seen any good movies recently?
Im not country but my parents did grow up in alaska.
Brrrrr, I am from north carolina myself.
Yea alaska is deffinetly pants weather.
How did you decide to start your diet?
I wanted to loose some weight and a friend of mine tried the Keto diet and it worked for them
I am thinking of starting a diet as well. Would you recommend Keto? I'd like to be able to use my crock pot still if I can
If you like only mostly eating proteins and no carbohydrates, it works. A crock pot is perfect for cooking up meals
I think I'll try Keto then! I'm trying to lose weight as well. Do you have any advice on how to start a running routine?
start out slowly, if you are not used to exercising, the best thing to do is just walking.
I see. I think I'll just start going on walks around the neighborhood then. I'm feeling very motivated
walking is perfect. You can even take your kids with you.
Do you want to go on a walk with me some time? I bet walking together with someone will motivate me even more
would love too. An exercise buddy is good to have
great. maybe I can work my way up to running. We can also share keto recipes
I have many keto recipes I can share
That would be great. Do you have a favorite recipe that you would like to share with me?
I have a recipe for chicken cordon bleu that I would love to show you.
That sounds yummy. I'd love to try it. How long have you been doing keto?
I have been doing it for about a year now. It has helped me lose a lot of weight.
That's great. I've tried keto in the past, but I couldn't stick with it.
I know what you mean. I tried it for a couple of weeks and it just wasn't for me. What do you like to cook?
I love to cook mexican food. My favorite dish is enchiladas. How about you?
Mexican food is one of my favorites as well. I like to make tamales.
Tamales are delicious. Do you make them from scratch or buy them from a store?
I buy them. I don't know how to make them. What is your favorite dish to make?
I love making tacos. I have a great recipe. I can send it to you if you'd like.
Yes, that would be great. I would love to try it. I love trying new recipes.
Great! I'll send it over to you later today. What's your favorite taco recipe?
Thank you so much. My favorite recipe is chicken enchiladas. How about you?
That sounds delicious! I love mexican food, so I'll have to try that one. I'm a big fan of tamales.
Tamales are yummy. Do you make them yourself or buy them from a store?
I make them myself. It's a lot of work, but I think it's worth it.
I would love to learn how to make them. What is your favorite thing to put in them?
I like to put shredded chicken, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa in them.
That sounds really good. I think I will try that next time I make enchiladas.
Do you have any other mexican dishes that you like to make? I love tacos.
Tacos are one of my favorites as well. I also really like fajitas.
I've never had a fajita, but I've heard of them. Do you make them at home or go out to eat?
I make mine at home. It's a lot of work, but it's so worth it.
I'll have to give it a try sometime. What's your favorite dish to make at home?
I love to make spaghetti and meatballs. I have a great meatball recipe.
I would love to try it sometime! Do you have a good recipe for enchiladas?
I do. I will send it to you later today. It is very good. What is your favorite food?
Thank you so much! My favorite food would have to be mexican food. What about you?
Mexican food is my favorite too. I love tacos. Do you like spicy food?
Yes, I do! I love spicy foods. What's your favorite kind of taco?
I love a good crunchy taco with sour cream and guacamole. What kind of music do you like?
That sounds delicious! I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the rolling stones.
I've never listened to them. I'll have to give them a listen. What do you do for a living?
I'm a freelance programmer. It's a lot of work, but it pays the bills.
That's cool. I wish I could do something like that, but I don't know how to program.
You don't need to know programming to be a programmer! You just need to be good at math. Do you like math?
I do like math. I just don't think I'm good enough at math to do what you do.
That's okay! I'm sure you're good at other things. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food is mexican food. I love tacos and enchiladas.