Hi. I just finished watching netflix. How are you?
I am doing well. I just completed my first marathon as I love running.
Congrats. I stay in now. I'm older and I lead a quiet life.
Thanks. I understand completely. What do you do for a living?
Tacks. Im a senior now. I have eight grand kids. So time with them..
That's very nice. Where did you grow up?
I basically grew up in a library. My mom was a librarian. How about you?
That is awesome I grew up in alaska with my parents.
That's cool. Very cold I bet. Lots of mountains.
Yes, wearing pants is my favorite. What foods do you enjoy eating?
That's cool. Pizza you?
I enjoy any type of meat.
Yeah got to love hamburger and pork.
Of course? Do you enjoy fishing?
How are you feeling after that marathon?
My legs are extremely sore, but it felt so good to cross that finish line.
That's an amazing achievement, despite the soreness! Do you plan on doing another one anytime soon?
I am definitely going to rest up from this one as I finished it recently, then I'll start training for another one that I'll do a few months down the road.
What would you suggest a novice runner do if he/she wants to prepare for a marathon? A few of my grandkids are at that age where it's a possibility.
The bigges thing is when you start training do a little more each week. You will not get to the whole 26.2 miles on your first run, so start small and work your way up
I'll let them know! One of them is way too ambitious for his own good. His eyes are bigger than his stomach, and not only when he's eating!
Haha that is too funny. Are you always ordering them pizza when they are over?
I used to, but none of their mothers approve of it! They're a health-conscious bunch!
I feel that, definitely a good thing to be health-conscious, but I got to ask. What is your favorite pizza topping?
I'm pretty simple. I just like plain old cheese and pepperoni! It's hard to mess that up!
Yes! I totally agree with you there. That is the perfect combination.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them both.
No, I don't have pets. I would love to get a dog but I'm not sure if I have the time to take care of one.
They are a lot of work, but they are worth it. What kind of dog would you get?
I think I would get a german shepherd. They are my favorite breed of dog.
That's a good choice. German shephards are very loyal and protective of their owners.
Yes, they are very protective and loyal. I think that is why I like them so much. Do you like any other breeds of dogs?
I love poodles. I have a poodle mix and he is the sweetest dog.
Poodles are so cute! I love their curly hair. What is your dog's name?
His name is oreo. He is a good boy. What kind of dog do you have?
Oreo is such a cute name! I have an australian shepherd.
That is a great name for a dog. I wish I could have a dog, but I am allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you thought about getting a hypoallergenic dog?
I have thought about it, but it's hard to find one that doesn't shed a lot.
Yeah, that's true. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do with your grandkids?
I like to take them to the beach and let them play in the waves. They love it.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've never been to a beach before. Is it nice there?
Yes, it is very nice there. The waves are big and the sand is soft. It is very relaxing.
That sounds nice. I'll have to visit one day. How long have you been surfing?
I started when I was a kid, but I didn't really get into it until I was in my 20s.
That's cool. Do you surf in the ocean or in a lake or something?
I like to go to the beach and surf. It's a great way to relax after a long day of work.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I don't think I've ever surfed before.
You should give it a try. It can be a little scary at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's really fun.
I'll have to try it sometime. I've always wanted to go surfing in california. Have you ever been to california?
No, I haven't, but I'd love to go someday. It looks like so much fun.
It really does look like a ton of fun! I've never been to the beach before.
I've been to lake michigan a few times, but not the ocean. How long have you lived in new york?
I've lived in ny my whole life. It's a great place to live if you can afford it.
That's good to hear. I would love to visit nyc one day. What is your favorite thing to do there?
I love going to the museum of fine arts. There's so much to see there.
That sounds like it would be a lot of fun. I love museums and art in general.
Me too! What's your favorite type of art to look at? Mine is abstract.
I would have to say modern art is my favorite. Abstract art is cool too though.
That's cool. Do you have any pets? I have a german shepherd.
No, I don't have pets. I would love to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I think you should get a golden retriever. They are very loyal and protective.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to do some research on them. What do you do for a living?
I am a veterinarian. It is a very rewarding job. I love working with animals.
That's awesome. I wish I had the patience to be a vet. What kind of animals do you work with?
I work with cats, dogs, and birds. It's a lot of work but I love it.