Hi! Where are you at? I'm a city dweller..
Morning!! I live in the country. Love nature and working with animals.
The country is nice. Do you walk much? I walk to my job rather than drive.
Absolutely!! Art is my work, so I walk through nature!
Sounds cool. I'm a reader and go through a novel each week.
Cool. I like listening to country music, but rock is my favorite.
I like rock. Do you exercise? My favorite is pilates.
I stay active, but not much into a set exercise. My mom loves pilates.
Is your family big? I just have a brother.
My mom, she is a nurse. My dad, a farmer. Then a sister.
That's very diverse. Do you get along with your sister?
Somewhat, yes! How about you with your brother?
I just finished my most recent book and am now looking for my next read. Do you have any suggestions for me?
That depends, I guess! Is there a particular genre you'd be looking to read?
I prefer sci-fi but here recently I have been craving a god mystery.
Ooh! Okay. I guess some people don't really enjoy his writing, but I've always thought Dan Brown's 'Da Vinci Code' series were really thrilling mysteries.
I read all of his stuff a few years ago. Hes got a lot of really good books. I also like that he takes puzzles and breaks them down to keep the reader engaged.
Good puzzles are so essential to a good read. I agree! I'll have to ask around for other good mysteries. I mostly read fantasy books myself.
Those are also an interest of mine. What was the book you finished most recently?
I'm recently re-reading Redwall by Brian Jacques! It was one of my favorites growing up. Have you ever read it?
I read those growing up too! I havent found anything similar in a bit. But I do keep my eyes open for them.
I love his writing so much! There's a bad book here and there, but I enjoy them so much. What were you favorite books growing up?
I prefered Harry Potter and political books the most. Government and politics was my main focus in school.
What an interesting combo! But there are interesting politics in Harry Potter, too. What's your feeling on today's political climate?
I think it's going to get a lot worse before it gets better. I think we're heading towards a civil war.
Yes, I think you're right. I hope it doesn't come to that, but it seems inevitable at this point.
I hope not. I don't know what I'd do if I had to leave the country. What would you do?
That's a good question. I'm not sure what I would do. I guess I would have to figure it out.
I'm sure you'll figure something out. Where would you go if you did have to leave?
I would probably go to australia or new zealand. I've always wanted to go there.
I've never been to either of those places. I would love to go to new york city.
I've been to nyc a few times. It's a lot of fun. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? I'm studying to be a veterinarian.
I am studying psychology. I love animals, but I don't think I could work with them.
That's a good field to go into. Do you know what you want to do when you graduate?
I would like to work in a zoo. I think it would be fun to work with animals all day.
That does sound like a lot of fun. I'm sure you'll be able to find a job in that field.
I hope so. It would be nice to have a job that I enjoy. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's not the most exciting job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job to me. I wish I could find something that I enjoyed doing.
Do you have any hobbies that you enjoy? Maybe you could find a way to make money doing that.
I don't really have much time for hobbies. I spend most of my time studying.
What are you studying? I'm sure you have a lot of free time since you don't work.
I am studying to become a veterinarian. Yes, I do have free time.
That's so cool! I love animals, but I'm not sure I could be a vet.
I think you should give it a try. It is a very rewarding profession. What do you do in your free time?
I like to spend time with my family. We like to go to the beach a lot.
That sounds like a great way to spend your time with your family. The beach is a great place to relax.
Yes, it is. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog one day. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I would recommend getting a dog from a reputable breeder. I got mine from a breeder in new york. Have you ever had a dog?
Yes, I had a golden retriever when I was a kid. I loved that dog.
Do you have any pets now? I have a cat and a dog. I love them both.
No, I don't have a pet right now. I would like to get a dog again.
What kind of dog did you have when you were a kid? Do you still have the dog?
I had an australian shepherd. I do not have a dog anymore.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think you'll get another dog in the future?
I am not sure. I have been thinking about getting a cat. What do you think I should get?
I think a cat would be a great addition to your family. I think you should get a calico cat.
That sounds like a good idea. I will have to look into that. What is your cat's name?
I don't have a cat, but if I did, I think I would name it mittens.