It's a great time of the year to get to the beach, don't you agree?
I do! I like to be outside. Running on the beach is fun.
I run after my grandkids! That's about all the exercise I get. What about you?
I run as much as I can. I try to get out 5 times each week.
I bet you're in great shape. I need to watch my weight after discovering mediterranean food! Yum.
Yes I like mediterranean food. I try to stick to a high protein diet.
Do you like to work out to music too?
Not while working out. But I do listen to sufjan stevens quite a bit.
Cool, I'm still into the oldies like styx and journey. I'll see journey this fall!
Neat! That music is too rocking for me. I am a tax accountant...boring!
Oh my, that's hard work in the spring. Fall is the best time to be free.
I just moved to a new apartment and trying to get settled.
Are you married or single?
Married, no kids. How about you?
Are you planning on having kids after you're settled?
I am still undecided, I don't know if I'll ever settle.
Being a parent is definitely a tough job. However, now that I am a grandparent, that is the most fun job in the world! My grandkids bring me such joy, but I don't have to do any of the hard stuff like changing diapers or disciplining them!
Haha you make such a great point, i am definitely leaning towards having kids for reasons you mentioned.
I am glad I am helping you to make a decision! What does your spouse think?
I think she definitely wants kids, and ultimately she'll have the final say probably haha. Happy wife happy life
Yes, you are right with that! What do you and your wife like to do for fun right now since you don't have kids tying you down? haha!
We love trying new food places especially mediterranen food.
Oh you are making me hungry! What is your favorite dish?
I really just love grilled salmon, it helps me maintain my high protein diet. What is your favorite dish?
I love a good grilled salmon, I actually had that for dinner. I love chicken gyro with hummus...yum!
That sounds super unique, hummus is such an underrated snack!
It really is. It's so versatile too, you can put it on just about anything. What's your favorite snack?
Hm, that's a tough one. I think I'd have to go with popcorn.
Popcorn is a good choice. I like it too. Do you have a favorite movie?
I don't really have a specific favorite movie, but I do like the original star wars trilogy.
That's a good one. What is your favorite food to eat when you go to the movies?
My favorite food is pizza. I love it so much. What about you? Do you like pizza?
Yes, I love pizza. My favorite toppings are pepperoni and sausage.
I like that too. I also like pineapple on pizza. Have you ever tried it?
No, I have never tried it. I am not a big fan of fruit on my pizza.
I can understand that. I don't like fruit on pizza either. Do you have any pets?
I have a dog. He is a golden retriever. What kind of dog do you have?
I have two dogs. One is a labrador and the other is a chihuahua.
That sounds like a lot of fun. What do you do for a living? I am a tax accountant.
I work as an accountant as well. How long have you been doing tax accounting for?
I've been doing it for a few years now. It's not as exciting as you might think.
I don't think it's exciting, I just think it pays well. Do you enjoy your job?
I do enjoy my job. I get to help people with their taxes and make sure they're doing their taxes correctly.
That's good, I'm glad you enjoy it. I wish I could find a job I enjoyed.
I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of job are you looking for? Maybe I can help.
I'm looking for a job that doesn't make me want to jump off a bridge every day.
Oh, I see. Well, I can't help you with that, but I can give you some pointers on how to get a job you enjoy.
That would be great. I'm not sure what I want to do with my life, so I'm open to suggestions. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's not the most exciting job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to spend time with my grandkids. They keep me very busy. How about you?
I don't have any grandchildren yet, but I would like to have some someday.
I'm sure you'll get some one day. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
My favorite color is blue as well. I like the color blue because it reminds me of the ocean.
That's a good way to look at it. I think blue is my favorite because it's calming.
I agree. Blue is calming and soothing. Do you have any other favorite colors?
I really like green. It's my favorite color because of all the green vegetables I eat.
Green is a great color. I love tomatoes and green beans. What's your favorite vegetable?
I love broccoli and cauliflower. Have you ever had either of those?
No, I haven't. I'll have to try them next time I go to the grocery store.
You should. They are very healthy and filling. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to spend time with my grandkids. They're the best part of my day.
That's great. I wish I could spend more time with mine, but they live so far away.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you'll be able to visit them soon though. How many grandchildren do you have?
I have two grandsons and two granddaughters. I love them all so much.
That's wonderful. I don't have any children yet, but I hope to have some someday.