Hey there. Just got home from fishing, what are you up to?
Cool, nothing much just finishing up some work. I just got a new job.
Oh yea? What's the new job?
I work with computer programming, what do you do?
Im a truck driver, not very glamorous I know. But I do get to travel a lot!
Cool, do you get any time off?
No, but I usually spend free time with the wife and 2 kids. How about you? Married?
No married, so no kids. I love going cruises for vacation time.
Cruises are fun! Computer programming though, so do you live in the san fran area?
Yes, with all the other computer programers!
Haha that's cool, I grew up there. Pretty different back then though.
Cool, I am trying to meet new people since I just moved here.
Where were you before san fran?
I lived in kansas city my whole life, so it's a big change.
I might go to San Francisco for my next trip
Are you coming for work or are you bringing the wife and kids?
Family trip, ive had enough work.
I hear that. Although at least you aren't stuck in an office all day. Sometimes I'd kill to be outside.
Well, being in a truck is like a tiny moving office heh. At least the scenary changes though.
Have you ever heard of the term "lot lizards"? I hear that's a truck stop thing.
Oh its a thing, and its disgusting...
Yikes, I was hoping it was just a thing from movies and not real life.
No, meth really does take its toll, especially in the smaller towns.
I wouldn't even know what meth looked like if it was right in front of me. I was a big fan of Breaking Bad though.
Haha, i dont think these people are getting walter whites quality product.
The only thing that I remember about the meth in the show was that it was blue and I thought it looked like the Miracle Grow plant fertilizer that I buy.
Haha, thats a good way to look at it. Do you have a favorite episode of breaking bad?
My favorite episode was the one where Jesse and Walt cooked the blue meth together.
Oh yeah, that was a good one. I really liked the episode where hank dies.
I liked that one too. Hank was one of my favorite characters on the show. What was your favorite episode?
I liked the one when Walt and jesse cooked together. It was a nice change of pace.
Yeah, that one was good too. I liked when they cooked with the ricin.
Ricin? I don't remember that one. Do you remember the season and episode number?
I think it was in season 5. I can't remember the episode number, but I know it was the last episode of the season.
It's been a while since I've seen that episode. I'll have to go back and watch it again.
Do you have any other shows you like to watch? I'm always looking for new shows to watch.
I've been rewatching the office lately. It's one of my favorite shows of all time.
I haven't seen that one yet, but it's on my list. What's it about?
It's a comedy about a guy who works in an office. I think you'd like it.
Sounds like it would be right up my alley. Is it on netflix or hulu?
I'm not sure, but I'm sure you can find it on one of those sites. What else have you been up to?
I have been watching a lot of netflix lately. I am trying to catch up on all the shows I have missed over the years.
That's a good idea. I've been trying to find a new show to binge on.
What kind of shows do you like? I am always looking for new shows to watch as well.
I like sci-fi and fantasy shows. Do you have any recommendations for me?
I am a big fan of game of thrones. Have you heard of it? It is a fantasy show.
No, I haven't heard of that one. I'll have to check it out. Is it on netflix?
Yes it is. I think you would like it. It has a lot of fantasy elements to it.
I'll definitely have to give it a try. I've been looking for something new to watch.
I hope you like it as much as I do. What have you been watching lately? I have been rewatching the office.
The office is one of my favorite shows of all time. I just finished watching it for the first time.
What did you think of the finale? I thought it was a great way to end the series.
The finale was great. I was sad to see it end, but it was definitely the right way to do it.
I agree. It was a good way to wrap things up. Do you have a favorite episode?
My favorite episode was the one where jesse and walt cooked the blue meth together.
That's a good one. I really liked the episode where hank and gomie died.
I liked that one too. I think it was the best episode of the series so far. What was your favorite?
My favorite was the finale of breaking bad. I thought it was a great ending to the show.
Oh yeah, that was a really good episode too. Did you like any of the other episodes?
I liked all of them, but I think I liked this one the most. What about you?
I liked the one where walt and jesse cook together. It was a nice change of pace.
Yeah, that one was good too. What other shows do you like to watch besides the office?
I watch a lot of comedy shows. My favorite comedy show is always sunny in philadelphia.
That's a good one. I haven't watched it in a while, but it's one of my favorites too.
What is your favorite tv show? Mine is the office. It is my favorite show of all time.
I'm a big fan of the office too. I've seen every episode at least 5 times.