Hello have you ever seen the show extreme couponing it’s my favorite.
Yes I love that show really helps when you have lots of different food to buy.
My coupon habit has let me buy food for all my animals and paint supplies.
I love to read lots of books.
Going to college full time sometimes makes it hard to get into a good book.
That's true. What are your hobbies or other interests?
Besides taking sunset walks I enjoy spending time with my 5 dogs and 3 rats.
Sounds very interesting. I enjoy riding my bike.
I could paint you riding your bike.
That would be nice. Do you listen to music while painting?
No I do not.
Since your a student, if you need your computer fixed, I'm your guy.
What books have you been recently recently then?
I have been reading some classics, like To Kill a Mockingbird and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Yes! 3 of my dogs' names are Scout, Daisy, and Gatsby! Those are my absolute favorites.
Wow that is amazing. They are some really well-written books. Have you seen the movies accompanying those books?
I have. I liked both of the versions of The Great Gatsby. Did you like either the older or newer one better if you've seen them?
I have seen both, but I have to go with the newer one. I think Leonardo Dicaprio is a terrific actor.
I do too! I can't believe it took so long for him to get an Oscar. He chooses very good diverse roles. Is he your favorite actor?
He is one of them, along with John Krasinski who is most famous for his role in The Office.
I love The Office! It got me through finals, and John Krasinski is wonderful. I like his Good News Network stuff.
I'll have to check that out! Is it a relief to have finally gotten through finals, I'm sure you have been busy?
With 8 pets, I'm always busy. Do you have any pets?
I have two dogs. They are a handful, but I am able to cuddle up with them and read a good book which is always fun!
What kind of dogs do you have? I've always wanted a dog but I'm not sure what kind to get.
I have a german shepherd and a chihuahua. I think you should get a dog that fits your lifestyle.
I think that's a good idea. I don't want to get a pet that doesn't fit my lifestyle, you know?
Yeah, I know what you mean. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
I like to read a lot. What about you? What's your favorite genre of books?
I like sci-fi and fantasy books. My favorite author is j.k. Rowling.
I haven't read any of her books, but I've heard good things about harry potter.
Harry potter is one of my favorites. I have read all of them. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the great gatsby by jk rowling. Have you read it?
I have not read that one. I will have to check it out. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a german shepherd and a chihuahua. How about you?
I have two cats and a dog. My cats name is kitty and my dogs name is duke.
Duke is a great name for a dog! How long have you had duke and kitty?
I've had them since they were kittens. They were born in my backyard.
That's so cool! Do they get along with each other? I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
They get along great. They love to play fetch and chase each other around the yard.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I think I'll get a german shepherd.
That's a good choice. They are very loyal and protective of their owners. Do you have any pets now?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I would love to have a dog but I am allergic to them.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of dog would you like to adopt?
I would like to get a golden retriever or a labrador. How about you?
Oh, those are great breeds. I'm not sure what breed of dog I want yet.
What breed do you think you want? I think I want a german shepherd.
That's a good choice. German shephards are great dogs. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I would love to have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
Oh, that's a bummer. What kind of pets do you have at your apartment?
I have a golden retriever and a chihuahua. I love them both.
That's great! Do you take them to the beach with you when you go surfing?
Yes, I take them with me when I surf. They love to swim in the ocean.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I could surf, but I'm afraid of sharks.
That's understandable. Sharks can be scary. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't had much time to read lately. I've been so busy with work.
That makes sense. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It's not the most exciting job, but it pays the bills.
That's cool. I don't know much about grocery stores. Do you like working there?
I do like it. I get to meet a lot of interesting people, and the pay is decent.
That's good. I wish I could find a job that I liked. I hate my job.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find something you like. What do you like to do for fun?