I wish I wasn't divorced. It's hard raising one child..
I can imagine it would be im not married but my girlfriend has 2 kids.
Life is so hard in the united states. I immigrated from britain last year.
I hope that your life gets better here in america.
I'm sure it will over time. I'm a metal worker, what's your profession?.
I do this on mtrurk,landscaping,sales,envelope stuffing,painting,all kinds of things.
Very nice! What type of paintings do you create?.
Lol,i do like painting in aprtments and buildings that sort of painting,i do waterpainting as well though.
Haha my mistake. That's great, sounds like you're the jack of all trades.
Yeah funny you mention that I work with my freind who owns john of all trades.
Hopefully it's not too hot doing all that landscapping work. I know the summers can be dreadful.
Yeah I dont mind though ive become intolerant of the winter I used to love it.
Living in florida is so much different to britain. The winters were so bitter..
Oh I can imagine,so how do you like america?
Today was the hottest day I've ever experienced here in Florida!
So do you enjoy the heat more than the cold in Britain?
Haha it's an adjustment, but overall I'd call it an improvement! When are you moving here?
Oh I'm moving down in two years. I can't wait for the beautiful summers.
You'll love it! Have you scoped out a particular city or region in Florida?
Southern Florida looks like fun, but anywhere on the east coast looks lovely. What area are you in?
I'm near Sarasota, on the gulf coast. I've found that the vibe is much more relaxed on the gulf than on the Atlantic.
Oh is that so? Is there a lot of fun things to do or places to go?
Totally! There's something for everyone, though it's geared toward a more mature crowd. Lots of arts and cultural stuff, but also gorgeous, tranquil beaches and classy restaurants.
Oh that sounds wonderful. Any places or activities you like to do with your daughter in particular?
I enjoy taking her to the museums around here. It's so educational for her!
That sounds perfect. I love all kinds of art and I would like that kind of atmosphere
Have you ever been to a museum in new york? I've always wanted to go.
I haven't but I would love to go to the art institute of chicago. Have you been there?
No, I've never been to chicago, but it's on my list of places to visit.
Do you have any other places you would like to travel to in the future? I love traveling.
I'd like to visit new orleans someday. I've heard it's a lot of fun.
I have never been there, but I have heard it is a great place to visit as well.
I've been to new york a few times. It's a great city. I'd love to live there. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I am in school.
That sounds like a great job. I wish I had a job like that when I was in college.
You can always go back to school. It is never too late to do what you want to do. What did you study in college?
I studied psychology. I wanted to be a counselor, but it didn't work out.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find something that makes you happy.
Thank you, I hope so too. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
I like to go to the beach and surf. Have you ever surfed before?
No, I haven't. I don't think I have the coordination to do that.
You should give it a try. It's not that hard once you get the hang of it.
I think I will. I've always wanted to go surfing, but I've never had the time. How often do you surf?
I try to go at least once a week, but it can be hard to find the time sometimes.
That makes sense. Do you live near the ocean, or do you have to travel to get to the waves?
I live about an hour away from the beach, so it's a bit of a drive.
That's a bummer, but at least you have a beach nearby. I live in the city, so I don't have that luxury.
Yeah, I guess that's true. How's the weather in new york? I've always wanted to visit.
It's pretty cold right now, but I think it will warm up soon. New york is a great place to visit if you ever get the chance.
I would love to see the statue of liberty and the empire state building. Have you ever been there?
No, I haven't. I've been to nyc a few times, but not there.
I have never been there either. I have been to new orleans a couple of times.
That's cool. I'd like to go to new mexico someday. Do you like mexican food?
I do. I love tacos and enchiladas. What is your favorite?
Tacos are my favorite as well. I also love burritos. What's your favorite food?
Burritos are great. My favorite food would have to be spaghetti. What about you?
I love italian food as well, but my favorite is pizza. Have you ever had pizza?
No, I haven't. I'm not a big fan of tomato sauce. What kind of pizza do you like?
I like pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms. Do you like pizza?
That sounds good. I do like pizza, but I don't eat it as often as I should.
What is your favorite topping? I like pineapple and ham on my pizza.
My favorite toppings are peppers and onions. That sounds like a good combo.
Peppers, onions, and jalapenos are my favorite. I also like sausages.
Sausages are good on pizza. I like them on hamburgers and hot dogs. What's your favorite food?
My favorite food is mexican food. I love tacos and enchiladas.
Mexican food is good. I don't think I've ever had enchilda. What is that?