Hello how are you?
Good. Do you have any hobbies?
I like to work on cars. Fords are my favorite.
Cool. My hobby would be freelancing I guess.
Did you go to college for that? I plan to go back to college. I didn't finish.
No, but I did when I was an accountant.
Cool. I grew up in a small town and prefer it my pets do too.
That's cool. My dog is my best friend!
I have cats and dogs! They hate it when I go to work at the grocery store.
Awe, poor babies! I'm ready for a new job!
Me too! I want to go back to college to get a better job.
I hear that! Being an entrepreneur isn't all I thought it would be.
I've been looking at potential colleges for when I go back, there's so much choice out there now!
There are! There are over 3,000 colleges in the United States! Which ones were you thinking of considering?
More than anything, I want a career starting college choice. What led you to accounting?
I liked numbers, but didn't like complex math. I also liked being involved with business, but didn't like the business operations or management side of things.
Hmm, I like complex problems and following a problem to a conclusion. I really want to work for someone else, I'm not a boss type of person.
Accounting might be something you could consider, then. The math isn't complex, but the accounting problems themselves can be complex.
I will certainly look into it. Is accounting the same nationwide? I might have a move in my future.
It's standardized across the US, according to US GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles).
That would make it a truly portable skill. I like that. What school did you attend?
I attended UCLA. Anderson is a pretty good business school.
Hmm, I'm not sure I would do well in a big school but I'll keep looking for something in a medium/small area.
Ah. Maybe a liberal arts college would do. Many of them offer degrees in accounting.
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. Thanks for the advice. How are your dogs doing?
My dogs are doing great. They love to run around and play with each other. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time for pets. I work too much to take care of them.
That's too bad. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as an accountant. It pays the bills, but it's not what I want to do for the rest of my life.
Oh, I see. I'm sorry to hear that. What would you like to do instead?
I would like to be a writer, but I'm not sure how to get started in that field.
Well, I'm sure there's a lot of online resources to help you get started. Have you tried looking into that?
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. Do you have any recommendations?
I don't know of any off the top of my head, but if I think of any I'll let you know!
Thank you so much! I really appreciate it. I hope you have a great rest of your day.
You too! Have a good rest of the day, and good luck with the job search. I'm rooting for you!
Thank you, I appreciate it! I'm going to need all the luck I can get. Have a great day!
You're welcome! You have a good day, too! I'll be thinking of you and your dog. How is your dog doing?
Thank you! My dog is doing great. He's getting old, but he still has a lot of life left in him.
I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm glad to hear he's doing well. How old is he?
He's 7 years old. He still acts like he's a puppy though. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time for pets. I'm too busy with school and work.
What are you studying in school? What do you want to do with your life after you graduate?
I'm studying psychology. I want to be a counselor when I graduate.
That sounds like a great career choice. I wish you the best of luck in your studies.
Thank you so much! I hope you have a good rest of your day. I need to go to bed soon. Have a good night!
You too! Thanks for chatting with me. I hope to chat with you again soon. Do you have plans for the weekend?
I do! I'm going to the beach with my family. It's going to be great!
That sounds lovely. I've never been to a beach, but I've always wanted to go.
It's a lot of fun. You should go with your family sometime. You'll love it. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. What's your favorite band?
I don't really have a favorite band. I just like music in general. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs. Do you like to cook?
I do. I love to cook italian food. My favorite dish is lasagna.
Lasagna is one of my favorites too. I make it at least once a month.
How do you make it? I like to make my own noodles and sauce from scratch.
I make a ricotta and mozzarella sauce. Then I put it in a casserole dish and bake it in the oven.
That sounds delicious. I'll have to try it sometime. What is your favorite dish to make?
I really like making spaghetti with meatballs. It's so simple, but so good.
That sounds really good. Do you have a recipe you like to use or do you just make it up as you go?
I just make them up as I go. I don't have the patience to follow recipes.
That's a good way to go about it. I'm the same way when it comes to cooking.
I'm glad I'm not the only one. I feel like I'm missing out on so much. What's your favorite thing to cook?
I love to cook italian food. I love pasta and ravioli.