Hi.
Hello!
How are you enjoying today?
It's alright I suppose. I'm at work. How about you?
What do you do? I'm also at work but I'm lucky to work from home.
I run a warehouse for a small business. It's a pretty slow day.
That sounds like it has interesting days.
Occasionally. Do you find your work interesting?
I do! I paint so I don't have a boss to report to.
Is there any way you can show me some of your work?
I can't unfortunately. What kind of hobbies do you have?
I like cycling quite a bit. And in the summer I do a lot of sailing.
So you're an outdoorsy person! That's fun.
Do you do anything outdoors?
I painted a new picture.
What was your painting of?
I went to my favorite overlook and painted it at sunset. Was pretty nice.
Wow, that sounds amazing. Do you paint the sunset often?
No not really, just at this spot the view is amazing. Sunset makes it almost magical.
I agree. The best sunset I have ever had was when I was sailing out on the sea.
Oh ive heard some crazy things on the sea with sunsets and sunrises
It is probably my happiest place to be. Where is yours?
Deep in the woods hiking, i think we both like solitude heh.
Sometimes there is nothing better than being away from other people.
I couldnt agree more really. Hows the warehouse going?
Well its a warehouse, it doesn't really get exciting. It gets run, thats all.
That sounds like a good job to me. I wish I had a job like that. How long have you been working there?
I've been working here for about a year now. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That's good. What are you studying in school? What do you want to be when you grow up?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I've always wanted to be one.
That's great. Do you think you'll be able to get a job after you graduate?
I hope so. It's hard to find a job when you don't have a college degree.
That's true. I wish you the best of luck in finding a job. What kind of job are you looking for?
Thank you. I'm looking for a job in a warehouse. I like working with my hands.
That sounds like it would be a lot of fun. I don't know much about warehouses to be honest.
Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time? I like to paint.
I like painting too, but I'm not very good at it. Do you paint landscapes or portraits?
Portraits are my specialty. I've been painting them since I was a kid.
Do you sell your paintings? I'd love to see some of your work sometime.
I do. I have an etsy shop, but it's not very active right now.
I'll have to check it out. I'm always looking for new art to add to my collection.
I'd be happy to send you a link to my shop, if you'd like. What kind of art do you like?
That would be great! I like all kinds of art, but my favorite is abstract.
Okay, I'll send you the link. Abstract is cool, too. Do you have a favorite artist?
I would love to see the link! I don't have a specific favorite artist, but I do like a lot of modern art.
Okay, it's in your inbox. I like modern art too. What's your favorite modern artist?
I would have to say kim kardashian. I think she is very talented.
That's cool. I'm not familiar with her work. I'll have to check it out.
I would definitely recommend it. What is your favorite type of music to listen to while painting?
I usually listen to classical music. It helps me concentrate. What type of painting do you do?
I like to do abstract paintings. I find them to be the most relaxing.
That sounds interesting. Do you have any examples of your work? I would love to see it.
I don't have any online at the moment, but I can send you some if you'd like.
That would be great, thank you. I would like to see your painting of kim kardashian.
I'd love to show you some of my work. I'll send you a link to my online portfolio when I get home from work.
Thank you so much. I look forward to seeing your work. How long have you been painting?
I started painting when I was in high school. It's been about 10 years since then.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you have any tips for a beginner like me?
I think the best advice I can give you is to have fun with it. Don't be afraid to try new things.
I'll keep that in mind, thank you for the advice! Do you think you'll start painting again soon?
I hope so. I've been so busy with work and school that I haven't had much time.
I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm glad you're able to find time to do what you love!
Thank you, I appreciate that. What do you like to do when you're not painting?
I like to play video games. I'm not very good at them, but they're fun to play.
Video games are a lot of fun. Do you have a favorite video game to play?
I really like the assassin's creed series. Have you ever played any of those games?