Do you like gaming. I am a big fan.
My kids play games but I don't play much. I love to watch movies!.
Oh really what is their favorite game?
I think it's called fortnite. I sometimes watch while cooking healthy meals. What's yours?
The best game I like to play is alistar.
Never heard of it. Old timer here! Just turned 30. What other things do you like?
Gaming is all my life, in fact, I just got a new laptop for it.
You're just like my kids! That's all they do. Do you like your new laptop?
Oh yeah I do, I will really like to meet your kids someday.
Maybe someday! It has been really nice talking to you.
Yes and for me too. What device do your kids play with??
Their dad bought them a playstation 4 for christmas this past year. They love it!
I just broke a new record on Alistar!
Woohoo.... we’re you playing on your new laptop?
Yes! It is perfect for gaming!!
That’s great... I might just get my kids a laptop for Christmas;)
You spoil them during for the holidays! They are lucky to have you as such a generous parent!
They are good kids.... I feel blessed and Christmas is the only time I indulge them haha
You only live once! Do you ever play fortnite with them?
I have been meaning too but never got around to it. They have been pestering me ... to be honest I’m scared lol
Fortnite is really fun. It is action packed!
Do you think it might be a good one to introduce a newbie to the gaming world... I’m clueless
Yes! You will be totally addicted within minutes :)
Alright the.... my kids are in for a surprise... I’m all juiced up to get cracking w/ Fortnite!
You are going to have so much fun! I can't wait to hear all about it. How old are your kids?
They’re 8, 10, 11, and 12. They’ve been playing fortnite since they were in elementary school.
That's awesome. I wish I had played video games when I was younger. I would have loved it.
It’s never too late to start. I started playing video games at the age of 5. Do you have any siblings?
I have an older brother, but he's not much of a gamer. He's more into sports.
That’s cool. Sports are fun too. What sports does your brother like to play?
He likes to play soccer, basketball, and tennis. How about you? Do you play any sports?
I don’t play sports, but I like to watch them. I like soccer and basketball too.
What is your favorite soccer team? Mine is manchester united. They are my favorite team.
I like man united too. I also like barcelona. Do you have a favorite team?
I like barca too. My favorite team is real madrid. Have you ever been to madrid?
No, I have never been to spain. I would love to go someday though.
I would like to visit spain one day too. It looks like a beautiful place to visit.
It really does. I think it would be a lot of fun to go there with my kids. What would you like to do there?
I would really like to go to the beaches and see the sunrises and sunsets.
That sounds lovely. I hope you get to do that one day. Do you have any other places you'd like to travel to?
I would also like to see the grand canyon and the pyramids in egypt.
I've never been to either of those places, but I'd love to go someday.
What is your favorite place you have traveled to so far? I would love to travel more.
My favorite place so far has been greece. I've been there twice and loved it both times.
I have never been there, but it is on my list of places I would like to visit.
You should definitely go there. It's a beautiful place with a lot to see and do. What other places do you want to visit?
I want to go to france, italy, and germany. I have always wanted to travel to europe.
That sounds like a great trip. I'd love to visit france and italy as well.
I would love to see the eiffel tower in france. Have you ever been there?
No, I haven't. I've been to italy and spain, but not france yet.
I have never been to spain. I would like to go there someday. What is your favorite italian food?
I love lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs. What about you?
Lasagna is one of my favorites too. I also love pasta and pizza.
I love pizza too, but I'm not a huge fan of pasta. What's your favorite pizza toppings?
I like pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms on my pizza.
That sounds really good. I don't think I've ever had that on a pizza. I'll have to try it sometime.
You should try it, it's delicious. Do you have any other hobbies besides playing fortnite?
I like to read. I'm a big fan of the harry potter series. Have you read any of the books?
No, I haven't. I've always been more of a movie person than a book person.
I can understand that. The movies are always better than the books. What is your favorite movie?
My favorite movie is the lord of the rings. I love the books and the movies.
That is a great movie. I have never read the books, but I have seen the movies many times.
Do you have a favorite movie that you have seen many times? Mine is the godfather.
I would have to go with the original star wars trilogy. Do you like star wars?