Hello, I just got home to my houseboat.
Hello how are you?
I am doing good, just got home from bartending.
That must be a interesting job.
Very interesting, but not what I went to school for.
I enjoy going to the bars after work, so I like bartenders!
Haha, thanks. What do you do for work?
I own a company here in the local area.
Cool, I graduated with my masters but I haven't found a real job yet.
Oh perhaps you find one soon.
I hope so, what do you do for fun?
I enjoy karaoke nights at the bar, although my singing is questionable.
Karaoke nights are my favorite, my sisters and brothers do it all the time.
Oh yes, sometime my 2 daughters go with me, but no drinking for them!
How old are your daughters and what are their names?
My daughters are 16 and 14. Their names are Angelica and Jennifer. They're the lights of my life!
Those are such great names. Sounds like you have a great family. I grew up in a bigger family and I sort of miss being around that many people. How is the business going?
It's going well. I'm in construction and there's currently lots of demand in my area. You never told me what your master's degree is in.
I got a degree in Psychology. Helps me a lot when I'm bar tending. I thought I was going to love it in that field but I think I just really love being around people, so for now I am happy working at the bar and being around all the people who come in like you.
That's really interesting. Did you originally think you'd get into counseling or how did you envision using your education?
Well my mother was a counselor and really enjoyed her job. I never knew for sure where it would take me but I thought maybe I might work for my own practice one day. I still have time to work on it. Are you coming down next week Friday for Karaoke at the bar?
I think I will. At the end of the week I think I'll feel the need to let off some steam. Are you willing to join me on stage for one song?
I can do that. As long as you pick something I know well enough. Have any songs in mind?
I was thinking something pretty ambitious, even though I can't sing. Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'" or maybe Meatloaf's "I Would do Anything for Love." I like to sing pretty dramatic songs. It embarrasses my girls pretty badly.
Well I definitely know all the words to those two. I'll give it a go. I'm probably going to be embarrassing myself as well, but that's half the fun of Karaoke night
Yes, I agree. Do your sisters and brothers live in the area? And do they want to join us?
My sisters live in florida and my brothers are in texas. I don't think they'd be interested in going to a karaoke bar.
Oh, that's too bad. Do you have any plans to go to the beach this summer?
I'm not sure. I've never been to a beach before, so I'm a little nervous about it.
I'm sure you'll have a great time. It's a great way to relax after a long day at work.
Thanks for the encouragement. I think I'll give it a try this summer. What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I listen to a little bit of everything, but my favorite genre is pop punk. What about you?
Pop punk is great! I like all kinds of music. My favorite band is green day.
I haven't heard of green day, but I'll have to check them out. What's your favorite green day song?
My favorite song by green day is dookie. What is your favorite song of theirs?
Dookie is a good one. I don't really have a favorite, I like them all.
That's a good way to look at it. Have you ever been to a green day concert?
No, I've never been to one of their concerts. I would love to go to one though.
That would be fun. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I have two dogs. One is a golden retriever and the other is a chihuahua.
That's cool. I've always wanted a dog but I'm not sure I have the time to take care of one.
They are a lot of work, but they are worth it. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers.
I have never heard of them. I will have to check them out. What is your favorite song by them?
I would have to say blood sugar sex magik is my favorite song. Do you have a favorite song?
That is a good one. I do not have a specific favorite song, but I do enjoy listening to them.
Have you ever seen them live? I would love to go to one of their concerts.
No, I have not. I would like to see them live as well. Have you been to a concert before?
I have been to one concert in my life. I went to see the rolling stones.
That's awesome. I love the stones too. I saw them in concert a few years ago.
What is your favorite album of theirs? I like the one that came out in the 90s.
I like that one too. It's hard to pick a favorite. What's your favorite song?
I don't really have a favorite song. I like all of their music. Do you like any other bands?
I like a lot of bands. My favorite band is the red hot chili peppers.
I've never heard of them. I'll have to check them out. What do you like about them?
They are a rock band from california. They have been around for a long time. They are very talented.
I'll definitely have to look them up. I'm always looking for new music to listen to.
What is your favorite genre of music? I like rock, but I also like pop and jazz.
I like all kinds of music. I don't really have a favorite. What's your favorite band?
My favorite band is the red hot chillis. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I love red hot chili peppers! I have two dogs and two cats. What kind of dog do you have?
My dog is a german shepherd. I love him so much. What are your dogs names?
My dogs names are duke and duchess. They are both rescues from the animal shelter.
Duke is a great name for a dog. How old are they? Do they get along with your cats?
They are 3 and 5 years old. They get along great with my cats. They love to play with them.
That's great. I wish I could have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.