Hi there do you like sports.
Oh yes. Track is my favorite. As a matter of fact I won my race at our last meet.
Nice I was captain of my high school football team.
How are your grades? I know that sports and study make difficult companions.
Yeah I was a b student luckily but practicing karate helped me keep my mind focused.
I have been luckily blessed with a good mind and through hard work been an a student.
Well my girlfriend got me a job as a lifeguard since I am athletically inclined.
Sounds like you are quite the athlete.
Well thank you I wanna propose on the beach to her next week.
Maybe you could setup something at a lifeguard station with candles and such. That would be unique.
Well I plan on having a projector play her favorite horror movie on the back of one.
That's quite a girl who would want to get engaged during a horror movie!
We met when she was working at the movie theater and only the classic ones.
Maybe you could play the first horror movie you both saw together.
I had an idea for my proposal, can I run it by you?
sure! what's the plan?
I am going to take my girlfriend to a movie at the theater we first met at. I am going to hide the ring in a bucket of popcorn. She will find the ring in the bucket and I will get down on one knee and propose. What do you think?
That sounds great! is the ring going to be in a box, or loos in the bucket I dont want her to eat it by mistake.
LOL. I guess you are right! I should put the ring in a box. I guess that's why you are a good student and I am only getting Bs!
It still a great plan! What movie are you thinking of or can you get them to play a specific movie
Something romantic but also funny! She can't stand anything too sappy. Do you have any suggestions?
50 first dates or the weeding singer. Both of those are good choices. Or Lord of the rings because of the ring
Maybe I should go back to my original plan of proposing on the beach. I wonder if I can set up a projector and watch a movie there. Those are great suggestions. I knew you'd have good ideas, Smartypants!
A beach proposal sounds good too! What beach?
I was thinking of going to a beach in florida. I think it would be a great place to propose.
That sounds like a great idea. I'm sure she'll love it. How long have you been together?
We've been together for about a year and a half. We met in high school and have been together ever since.
Wow, that's a long time. I've only been with my girlfriend for a little over a year.
Yeah, it's been a lot of fun so far. How is your relationship with your girlfriend going?
It's going pretty well. We have a lot in common, so it's easy to spend time together.
That's good to hear. Do you have any plans to go to the beach this summer?
I would love to, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to get the time off from work.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get some time off soon. What do you do for work?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's not the best job in the world, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job to me. I wish I could find a job like that. How long have you been working there?
I've been working here for about a year and a half. The pay isn't great, but the benefits are great.
That's good. I'm glad you have a job that you enjoy. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to go to the beach and watch the sunset. I also like to read. What about you?
That sounds relaxing. I love to read as well. What is your favorite genre to read?
I like sci-fi and mystery. What do you like to do in your spare time?
Reading is one of my favorite things to do. I read a lot of romance novels.
That's cool. I don't read much, but when I do it's usually non-fiction.
Do you have a favorite romance book that you've read recently? I'm always looking for new recommendations.
I haven't read any in a while, but I really liked the pride and prejudice by jane austen.
I've never heard of that one. I'll have to check it out. I've been looking for a new book to read.
Have you read any of the harry potter series? I really enjoyed the first three books.
I read the first one when I was in high school, but it was a long time ago.
Yeah, it's been a while since I've read them as well. Do you like any other books?
I like to read sci-fi and mystery books. Harry potter is one of my favorites.
I haven't read that one yet, but I've heard good things about it. What's it about?
It's about wizards in the wizarding world of hogwarts.
Oh, that sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out sometime. What other books do you like?
I really like the harry potter series. It's my favorite book series of all time.
Oh, I've never read any of those. What is it about them that makes them your favorite?
They're just really fun to read. They have a lot of adventure and excitement.
Do you have a favorite book in the series? I've always wanted to read them, but never got around to it.
It's hard to pick a favorite, but if I had to, it would be the first one.
I'll have to pick it up and give it a read. I'm sure I can find it at my local library.
That would be a good place to start. If you like it, you can read the rest of the series. Do you like to read?
I do enjoy reading, but I don't get to read as much as I would like to.
That's too bad. I love to read. It's one of my favorite things to do.
What is your favorite genre of books? I like mystery and sci-fi.
Mystery is a great genre. My favorite book is the harry potter series.
I haven't read that one yet, but it's on my list. What is it about?