Good afternoon how are you doing.
I am doing well, thank you.
I am babysitting my five grandchildren.
Holy cow, you have five grandchildren? How do you do it?
Yes I love taking them to the beach even though fall is my favorite season.
Why is fall your favorite season. I love to barbecue hot dogs at the beach.
I am listening to my favorite bands styx and journey all day.
I am listening to my favorite band black sabbath. Are you into classic rock?
No, but I just tried mediterranean food and loved it.
Do you prefer beef or chicken shwarma?
I prefer chicken shwarma over beef.
Me too. I love mine with babaganoush. Dude I am not looking forward to work.
What is your favorite Black Sabbath song?
They have a lot of good songs, but my favorite would have to be Iron Man. Have you heard that one?
Yes, for sure. Was Ozzy Osbourne the lead singer at that time?
I am not 100 percent sure. I just know that I love listening to them at the beach!
My grandkids love the beach, we like to collect shells and build sand castles. I hope you don't play the music too loud when you are there.
No don't worry, only loud enough for me to hear. Although I do love the beach, I haven't gotten a chance to head down there a lot this year.
Well if you are interested, I rented a place on the beach for a month. You bring the hotdogs and we'll have a bbq and enjoy the sand.
That would be amazing, thank you! Can I also bring my family, assuming we can all get out of work? I think my nieces and nephews will get along great with your grandkids.
Sure that will be great. I love having kids around and they seem to entertain each other which leaves more time for adults to be adults.
That's right. And maybe you can play some Journey songs for me, and I'll play you some more Black Sabbath.
Either way, as long as we don't have to listen to what the kids listen to these days, we should be good. I'll send you the address later.
Thank you very much, I can't wait.
You're very welcome. I'm looking forward to it as well. It's been a long time since I've been to the beach. Have you been recently?
No, I haven't been to a beach since I was a kid. I am so excited.
I'm sure you'll have a great time. Do you think you'll bring your grandkids with you?
I'm not sure. I don't want to overwhelm them, but I think they would enjoy it.
I think that's a great idea. I wish my grandparents lived closer so I could see them more often.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get to see them soon. Where do you live?
I live in north carolina. It's a bit of a drive to get to the beach.
Oh, that's not too far from me. I'm in virginia. Maybe we can meet up sometime.
That would be great! I'd love to meet up with you and your grandkids. Do you have any siblings?
Yes, I have two brothers and two sisters. I am the oldest of the bunch.
That's great. I have a brother and sister as well, but I'm the youngest.
How old are you? How many grandchildren do you have? I have 5 grandkittens.
I'm 37. I've got two grandkitties as well. They're a handful, aren't they?
Yes, they are. I love them, but they are a lot of work. What do you do for a living?
I'm retired now. I used to work in finance, but now I work from home.
That sounds nice. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to spend time with my grandkids at the beach. They are my world.
That sounds lovely. I don't have any grandchildren yet, but I hope to have some someday.
I hope you do too. What is your favorite beach to go to? Mine is the ocean.
I like the beaches in florida. There are so many different kinds of beaches there.
I've never been to florida but I've always wanted to go. Have you ever been to new orleans?
No, I have never been there. I would like to go one day. Do you like it there?
I haven't been there yet but I'm hoping to go this summer. I've heard it's a lot of fun.
I would love to go with my grandkids. I bet they would have a great time.
I'm sure they would. I'd love to take my kids to the beach too. Do your kids like to swim?
Yes, they love to swim. It's one of their favorite things to do in the summer.
That's great. I love swimming too, but I don't get to do it as often as I'd like.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a pool at your house or do you have to go to a public pool?
I have one at my house, but it's not as good as the one at the pool.
That's a bummer. Have you ever thought about building your own pool? I've always wanted to do that.
I would love to build my own pool someday. I think it would be a lot of fun.
That would be so much fun! Do you think you'll do it in the ocean or a lake?
I think I would like to build it in an ocean. It would be nice to be able to swim in it.
That sounds like a great idea. I'm sure your grandkids will love swimming in it!
I hope so. Do you have any pets? I have a dog, a cat, and a turtle.
I don't have pets right now, but I used to have a cat when I was younger.
That's cool. What was your cat's name? My dog's name is oreo.
Oreo is a great name for a dog. My cat was named lucy. I miss her a lot.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're able to get another cat soon.
Me too. I'm not sure if I want to get a kitten or a puppy. What do you think?