Good morning, how are you feeling today.
Good morning, I am fine, how are you?
Great, I am listening to different types of before I go for a bike ride.
Sounds great! I am off to college in a bit. Full schedule and then summer classes too.
Awesome I am a computer genius and love reading.
Wow. Impressive. I am into martial arts. Jiu-jitsu. I instruct that.
I eat lots of meats plants to healthy.
That is healthy. I stay away from dairy. I am allergic.
Do you like to eat coconut based products.
I like coconut...yes! Where is your location?
I live in new york.
Same here!!! Pretty dreary again today.
How was class today? What are you studying?
Class was the same as usual. I'm studying English and hope to write books about Jiu-jitsu and martial arts!
That's great to hear your class went ok. That sounds very intriguing! Remember me when you make it big and famous!
Haha I'll send you a signed copy of my first book! You'll probably make it famous in tech before me!
I'd love that! Thank you. Haha, who knows maybe we can both make it big and help each other out somehow.
I just thought of an even better idea. You make the website and I'll do the writing!
It sounds like we have a business plan made up already!
How serious are you about this? We might have to meet up to talk this over!
I'm down if you are! They always say that two heads are better than one.
I'm so excited! Let's meet on the weekend somewhere in the city!
Ok! How about on Sunday afternoon? We can make a start up plan on paper.
That works with me! We can go for a bike ride too!
Sounds like a plan! What kind of bike do you have? I've been looking for a new one.
I have a specialized hardrock. It's a great bike. What kind are you looking for?
I'm not really sure. I don't know much about bikes. Do you have any recommendations?
I would go to a local bike shop and talk to them. They can help you find the right bike for you.
That's a good idea. I'll have to do that next time I'm at the bike shop.
You will have to let me know what you end up getting. I would love to hear about it. What is your favorite color?
I will definitely let you know what I get. My favorite color is blue. How about you?
Blue is a great color. Mine is green. I love the color green. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of call of duty lately. Do you like video games?
I love video games! I play them all the time. What's your favorite game to play?
My favorite game is assassin's creed. I've been playing it a lot lately. Have you ever played it?
I haven't, but I've heard good things about it. I'll have to check it out!
I highly recommend it. It's a great game. What kind of music do you listen to?
I listen to a little bit of everything, but my favorite genre to listen to is jazz.
Jazz is a great genre of music. I love listening to it while riding my motorcycle.
That sounds like a great way to pass the time. Do you have any other hobbies that you enjoy?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
I enjoy playing video games as well. My favorite game is assassin's creed. What is your favorite video game?
I like assassins creed too! My favorite is the last of us. Have you played it?
No, I haven't played that one. I've heard of it, but never played it.
You should give it a try, it's a really good game. What's your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. Do you like books?
I do like books, but I don't read as much as I used to. I'm more into video games these days.
Video games are fun. I like to play call of duty with my friends. What video games do you like?
I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately. I really like the building aspect of it.
That's cool. I've never played it, but it looks fun. What is your favorite part about it?
My favorite part is that it's free. I can play it whenever I want and not have to worry about money.
That's awesome. I'll have to check it out. How long have you been playing video games?
For as long as I can remember. I used to play video games all the time when I was a kid.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you have a favorite video game that you played as a kid?
I played a lot of super mario bros. 3. It was one of my favorites.
That's a good one. Did you ever play any of the mario games on the nintendo 64?
No, I didn't have a nintendo. I had a sega genesis though.
That's cool. I never had one of those. What was your favorite game on the sega?
I don't remember the name of it, but it was a racing game. I loved that game.
That sounds fun. I like racing games too. Do you like any other types of games?
I like video games, but I'm not very good at them. I'm more of a reader than a gamer.
That makes sense. Reading is fun too. What is your favorite genre of books to read?
I like sci-fi and fantasy books. I also like mystery and suspense.
Have you read any good mystery or suspense books lately? I'm always looking for recommendations.