Hello, I am a swimmer.
I am a musician.
Cool, what instrument do you play? I played the clarinet in highschool.
I dont have a cat though I have a rabbit hes absolutely adorable.
Cool, I just have a dog.
Cool,im a huge animal lover I dont discriminate,ive owned just about every animal.
That is really cool, I would have a lot of pets if I had the time.
Yeah.i have a strict landlord though,whos really a hypocrite.
That's a shame, does the landlord not like pets?
No,he dosent I think he needs one then he wouldn't get drunk so much maybe.
That sounds really sad, I am sorry.
Yeah,hes not a bad guy he just has a drinking problem.
Does your rabbit enjoy listening to you play your music?
Sometimes, haha. Sometimes he goes in his house and hides for a bit. But I usually don't play in the same room as him.
Your rabbits so cute! Have you tried playing music for rabbits? My dog loves it when I play relaxing music for dogs.
I haven't intentionally tried to play music for him, but maybe I'll give it a try! Aww! That's so sweet What does your dog like the most?
I usually find a random playlist on youtube and search music for dogs haha! I think he looks the most peaceful when it's soft classical music.
That's precious! Does he enjoy your clarinet playing?
Unfortunately, no, he leaves the room when I used to play often. What instrument do you play?
Oh no! Dogs do have sensitive ears so that's probably it. I currently play the saxophone. But I know how to play trumpet and violin as well.
Haha that makes sense. You're so talented! Maybe we should meetup and play together sometime. I'm a bit rusty with the clarinet.
You're talented too! I firmly believe being able to play instrument is talent in itself. I'm down! I haven't played trumpet in a long time.
That's so sweet of you to say! Let's hangout this weekend, maybe bring your rabbit to meet my dog, haha!
Haha, I would, but he doesn't like dogs. they scare him. But please do bring your pup along!
That's okay, I'm sure he'll get used to them! I'll make sure to bring him along. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Yes, I am going to take my dog to the dog park. He loves to play fetch.
That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of dog do you have? I love dogs!
I have a german shepherd. He is the best dog I have ever had.
That's awesome! I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I would recommend getting a dog from a rescue shelter. There are so many dogs that need a home. Have you ever had a dog?
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. I've had a few dogs, but none of them were rescues.
That's too bad. I know there are a lot of dogs at the shelter that need to be adopted.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll look into adopting from a shelter instead of a breeder. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog. He's a labrador retriever. What kind of dog do you have?
I've got a german shepherd. She's a handful, but I love her.
German shephards are great dogs. I used to have one when I was a kid.
They really are. I've had mine since she was a puppy, so she's grown up with me. How old were you when you had yours?
I don't remember exactly, but it was a long time ago. I think I was in high school.
That's cool. Do you have any pets of your own now? I have a cat.
I do! I have two dogs, a cat, and a parrot. What's your cat's name?
Her name is luna. She's a calico cat. What kind of dogs do you have?
I've got a german shepherd and a chihuahua.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
They're a lot of work, but they're worth it. I love my dogs. What breed would you get?
I think I would get a golden retriever or a labrador. Do you have any other pets?
No, I don't have any pets right now. I'm thinking of getting a cat.
That sounds like a good idea. What kind of cat do you want to get? I love cats.
I was thinking about getting a maine coon cat. They are supposed to be very friendly.
I've never heard of that breed. I'll have to look it up. I've always wanted a german shepherd.
Maine coon is a breed of cats. German shepard would be cool. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
What are you studying in school? Do you have a job lined up after you graduate?
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I am hoping to get a job as a vet after I graduate.
That sounds like a very rewarding job. Do you know what kind of vet you want to be?
I am not sure yet. I would like to be able to work with all types of animals.
That's a great goal to have. I hope you get to do that one day. What kind of animals are you interested in working with?
I am interested in dogs, cats, birds, reptiles, and amphibians.
Wow, that's a lot of different animals! Do you have any pets of your own?
I have a dog, a cat, a bird, a lizard, and a snake.
That's so cool! Do they all get along with each other or do you have to keep them separate?
They get along pretty well, but I do have to separate them for a few hours at a time.
That's good that they get along. I don't think I could handle that many pets!
Yeah, it can get a bit overwhelming at times, but it's worth it in the end. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.