Hi there, how are you doing?
Great, just got back from skydiving... How about you?
Skydiving? Wow. I just came back from the grocery store driving my volkswagen.
We do things different in arizona, like having pet lizards lol.
I do not know much about arizona, I watch just british television.
All I know of britian I learned from reading at barnes and noble lol.
I just watch their shows but my family is from italy, my grandmother came from there.
Nice, what do you do for a living?
I am a musician, big fan of beethoven and his moonlight sonata, what about you?
Nothing so exciting, government worker lol.
Speaking of government, what is your position about gun control? I have two handguns.
Do you want me to answer that personally or professionally?
I went to a range to shoot. I find it relaxing. If you enjoy shooting, what is your favorite range?
I actually don't enjoy shooting. What do you like about it?
That's okay too. I like the experience and thrill of shooting guns and also having something to protect myself with.
I see. Have you watched any interesting new British shows?
I have not! I usually watch them because I like their accents. Have you seen any?
I recently started watching Call the Midwife. I came across the memiors its based on at Barnes and Nobles.l
I have not heard about that, but I'd love to watch it sometime with you!
It is on Netflix! There is 10 seasons.
What's the show about and have you learned anything new about Britain from it?
It is about a young woman who goes to work as a nurse in 1960s London. All sorts of things. What is your favorite Engllish show?
That sounds interesting, I'd enjoy listening to all their accents. I really like that popular show that everyone's been talking about!
Hmm which one do you mean?
I'm not sure what it's called, but it's on netflix. It's set in london in the 60s.
Oh that sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. I'm always looking for new shows to watch.
It's really good. I think you'd like it. What kind of shows do you like?
I like sci-fi and fantasy shows. Do you have any recommendations for me?
I don't watch a lot of sci fi, but I've heard good things about the expanse.
I haven't heard of that one. I will have to look it up. What is it about?
It's based on a series of novels by james s. A. Corey.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. What else do you do in your spare time?
I like to spend time with my family. It's important to me to be there for them.
That's very nice of you. I wish I had more time to do things like that. What do you like to do with your family?
I spend a lot of time with them. I try to spend as much time as I can with them so they don't get lonely.
That's a good idea. I should do that more often. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. How about you?
I have two dogs as well. One is a golden retriever and the other is a german shepherd.
That's so cool! What are their names? Do they get along with each other? I would love to get a dog one day.
They do get along very well. They love to play fetch and chase each other around the yard.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you can find a way to make it work. What kind of work do you do?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills, but I don't like it.
I can understand that. Do you have any hobbies that you can do in your free time?
Not really. I like to read, but it's hard to find time for that when I work so much.
I know what you mean. I have a hard time finding time for my hobbies as well.
What are your hobbies? Maybe I can help you find some time to do them. I love to read.
Reading is one of my favorite things to do. I also like to play video games. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. Have you read any of her books?
No, I haven't. I don't know much about her books. What are they about?
They are about wizards and witches in the wizarding world of hogwarts.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check them out. Do you have a favorite book of hers?
Harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is my all time favorite book.
That's a good one. I like that one too. I also like the one with the snake.
What is your favorite harry potter book? Mine is the order of the phoenix.
My favorite book is the chamber of secrets. It was the first one I ever read.
I have never read that one, but I have seen the movie. It is one of my favorites.
The movie is good, but the book is so much better. You should read it sometime. What other books do you like?
I like to read sci-fi and fantasy books. Do you have a favorite genre?
I like science fiction and fantasy too. My favorite genres are mystery and suspense.
That's cool. I like mystery too. What is your favorite mystery movie or book?
My favorite book is 1984 and my favorite movie is the shining. What about you?
That's a good one. I don't think I've ever seen it. I'm a big harry potter fan.
Harry potter is a great series. I haven't read the books, but I love the movies.