Hello, how is it goin?
Great! How about you?
Great. Are you male or female?
Female, love to have fun going places and trying new things. What about you?
I am more of a family man, I love spending time with my sons.
I have two sons myself. They are the true loves of my life.
I agree, the best thing that has happened to me in my life.
Do you like music? My tastes vary greatly...maroon 5, the rolling stones, brad paisley, luke bryant.
I am lifelong fan of tupac shakur.
Wow! What about your social life? Dinner and a movie or concerts and dancing?
Yes, I love all kinds of cuisines mexican, italian, chinese.
Love chinese and italian!! Mexican kills my stomach.
I found a great new Chinese restaurant last night!
Oh that's great! What's it called?
China Dragon. I know... Corny name, but it was great. They have the best szechuan beef in the world.
Really? It's hard to believe that, but I guess I'll take your word on it. Did you bring your boys there?
Yeah. They love Chinese food too. They both had been out of town for a while, so it was good to see them.
Ah, that's great. Only one of my sons loves Chinese food as much as I do. The other really just likes Italian food, so it can be difficult to decide where to go.
It sounds like an international fight!! My sons just got back from studying abroad. They are leaving again in a few months.
It's nice that you got to spend some time with them. I'd be so worried if my boys traveled so far away. Luckily it will be a long time before they're old enough.
It's stressful and I worry all the time, but I am happy for them. Enjoying them while you can. They grow up fast.
Oh yeah, definitely. Where have your boys been studying?
They have been in Spain and they are going to Italy next. The European tour!!
My younger son would be so jealous. They must be eating really well over there!
Yes, they love it over there. I am so proud of them. Do you have any kids?
Yes, I have a daughter and a son. They are a handful but I wouldn't trade them for the world.
I can't wait to have kids of my own someday. How old are your kids?
They are 8 and 10. They keep me on my toes. How many kids do you have?
I have two sons and two daughters. I'm hoping to have a boy and a girl.
That's a lot of kids. I don't know what I would do with that many kids.
I know what you mean. It's hard to find time to do anything with so many kids!
I'm sure it is. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do with them?
I like to take them to the beach and let them play in the waves. How about you?
That sounds fun. I like taking my kids to the park and letting them run around and play.
That sounds like a great way to spend time with your kids. What is your favorite beach to go to?
I like going to lake michigan beaches. They are so peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds lovely. I have never been to a beach before, but I would love to go.
It is a great place to relax and read a good book. Do you have a favorite book?
I would have to say the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling.
I haven't read that one. I will have to check it out. Have you been to the beach lately?
Yes, I went last weekend with my husband and son. It was nice to get out of the house.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had more time to do things like that.
Yeah, it's nice to have some time to myself. What have you been up to lately?
I've been trying to learn how to play the piano, but I'm not very good at it yet.
That's really cool. I've always wanted to learn to play an instrument. Do you play any other instruments?
No, I don't play any instruments. I just like to listen to music. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music. My favorite band is the rolling stones. What is your favorite band?
That's a good choice. I like the stones too. I really like the beatles.
Do you have a favorite song of theirs? I like a few of their songs, but not all of them.
I like pretty much all their songs. What's your favorite song by them? Do you like any other bands?
I like some of their other songs too, but my favorite is probably "i wanna hold your hand." I like other music too, I just don't listen to it as much.
I've never heard that one. I'll have to give it a listen. What other music do you listen to?
I listen to a lot of classical music. My favorite composer is beethoven.
That's cool. I don't really listen to classical much, but I do like it.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them both.
I do. I have two dogs, a cat, and a parrot. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to get a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you'll find a way to make it work. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills, but I don't like it.
I can understand that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and listen to the waves. It's peaceful.
That sounds relaxing. I wish I had a beach nearby. I would love to go surfing.
It's a lot of fun. You should try it out sometime. Where do you live?