Hi there do you like to learn martial arts?
Nah, I prefer scuba diving. It reminds me of water snakes. I love snakes.
I ate snake one time and I was allergic. I'm allergic to snakes and dairy.
Sounds rough. I was a marine and back in nam'we had to eat lizards.
Oh wow. I teach martial arts to marines. Specifically jiu-jitsu.
Just got divorced. Can you teach me some jiujitsu to show her bf whos boss.
Absolutely but it's a part time job as I am currently in college.
I see, I'm on vacation in hawaii, this is my third time. I hate school.
I'm jealous! I'll be in college taking summer courses so no hawaii for me.
What do you plan on getting your degree in?
An allergist. I love milk and want to find a way to drink it.
Good choice! Maybe you can solve your snake issue too!
I was talking with my boss a while ago regarding the martial arts class I was teaching, and they mentioned the class will continue in the summer. If your interested, I can help you enroll so you can learn jiu-jitsu this summer.
Omg that would be perfect thank you so much. Just let me know the details of what you need from me and i will do i ASAP.
Absolutely! Maybe you could get me into scuba diving, too!
Yes of course. That would be such great fun. The next time I go I will for sure invite you. I think you will love it.
Where's the best place in the world for scuba diving, in your opinion?
Honestly my all time favorite place that i have done Scuba Diving has to be in Bora Bora. It was a beautiful experience.
Oh wow! Did you fly there, or did you sail out there? A friend of mine once did Tahiti and Bora Bora on a yachting adventure!
I flew there. But oh my next time i defiantly have to do a yachting adventure that must of been quite the experience.
It sounded like an incredible time. One day when I win the lottery, I'm there lol.
Yeah it must be quite an expensive adventure, but one i for sure need to look into.
Are you retired now? I'm guessing you're living a pretty comfortable life these days!
Yes i am retired now. I am a veteran so its now my time to relax and just enjoy life. Currently i am in Hawaii and this place is incredible.
That's awesome! I've always wanted to go to hawaii. What island are you on?
I am on maui. It is a beautiful island. Have you ever been on a cruise?
No, I haven't. I would love to go on one though. Do you have any recommendations?
I have only been on carnival cruises. I have heard good things about royal caribbean.
I've never heard of that one. I'll have to check it out. How long have you been scuba diving?
I have been doing it for about 10 years now. It's a great way to relax after a long day of work.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to try it, but I'm afraid of sharks.
I have never seen a shark in the ocean. Have you ever seen one in real life?
No, I haven't. That's why I'm so afraid of them. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. How about you?
I've got a dog too. He's a golden retriever. What kind of cat do you have?
My cat is a tuxedo cat. What is your dog's name? How old is he?
My cat's name is mittens. I named him that because he looks like a little mitten. My dog is 3 years old.
Mittens! That's a great name for a cat! Do you take him on walks?
Yes, he loves to go for walks. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have time for pets. I'm too busy with work and school.
What are you studying in school? What do you want to do with your life after you graduate?
I'm studying biology. I want to be a veterinarian when I graduate.
That's great! I'm sure you'll be able to find a job in that field with your degree.
I hope so. It's hard to get a job with just a bachelor's degree. How is school going for you?
It's going well. I have a lot of work to do, but I'm enjoying it so far.
That's good to hear. I'm glad you're enjoying it. What is your favorite class so far?
My favorite class right now is history. I really enjoy learning about the past. How about you?
History is a great class to take. I enjoy history as well, but my favorite class is psychology.
Psychology is really interesting. I took a psychology class in college and really enjoyed it.
That's great. Do you have any pets? I've got a dog and a cat.
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog though. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool. I've always wanted a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I think you should get one that fits your lifestyle. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I'm in school.
That sounds like a good job. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your free time?
I like to watch movies and play video games. What about you? What are your hobbies?
I like watching movies and playing video games as well. I also like to read. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. Have you read any of her books?
No, I haven't. I don't know much about her books. What do you like about them?
I really like the magic in the books. I like that they are set in the wizarding world of hogwarts.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check them out. Do you have a favorite book of hers?
Harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is one of my favorites.
That's a good one. I think mine is the goblet of fire. It's been a long time since I read it though.