Hi.
Hi.
What do you like doing in your spare time?
I love reading and going to art museums. What about you?
Walking on the beach near where I live is great fun.
I wish I was closer to the beach. I live about an hour away.
The mountains are great for walking also.
They are. I haven't done much hiking though because of the rain.
I don't get out often because I am still in high school studying.
I have a daughter in high school. What grade are you in?
I am in year 9, so doing my o levels now.
You must be somewhere in europe then. My daughter is in 11th grade and I'm in california.
Yes I am in the uk studying spanish.
My daughter is studying french.
That is good for a job in europe.
I think for university she wants to study either in the uk or france.
I would say uk is better. Better quality teaching. But that is just my opinion.
I think she is leaning that way..
The fees are expensive so shop around for the best university.
Will do. Thanks for chatting with me..
No probs. Been a pleasure, hope I helped.
You did. Have a good rest of your day!
I was able to find some time today to take a break from studying for school and go walk on the beach.
That sounds lovely, I am goin to the beach with my daughter later today.
It's always nice to get out to the beach and take a walk. Does your daughter like the beach?
She does, but school studies take up a lot of her time, she is trying to get in to university.
Tell me about it. I spend most of my time studying. Has she decided where she is going to go?
She wants to study French at a university abroad. What are you studying?
I'm studying Spanish. So, she wants to study a foreign language like me. How fascinating!
I do not speak any foreign languages, Spanish sounds like a great language to learn. Where do you study?
I study in the UK but go to Spain in the summer to put it all to the test. Thinking back, I probably should have just attended school in Spain to learn better and be immersed in the language.
Do you hike in the UK? I am going to spend my summer time hiking in California while my daughter is busy studying.
I haven't been proper hiking in some time. The last time was in the Ludlow area. When I get some free time from studying I like to go the beach instead. What is it like hiking in California?
Ludlow, that sounds like a beautiful place, I have never been! Hiking in California is wonderful, I can walk down to the beach and enjoy drinks and lunch at my favorite taco spot to relax.
That sounds lovely. I've always wanted to go to california, but I've never had the chance.
I would love to visit the uk someday, I hear it is beautiful there as well. Have you ever been there?
I haven't, but it's on my list of places to visit. I'd love to see the lake district.
That would be a great place to visit, I am sure you would love it. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I would like to get a dog, though. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He is the best dog I have ever had.
That's cool. I've always wanted a dog. I just don't know what kind to get.
They are a lot of work, but they are worth it. They are very loyal and protective. Have you ever had a dog?
I used to have a dog when I was a kid. It was a golden retriever.
That's a great breed. I had one growing up too. Do you have any pets now?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. What do you do for a living? I work as an accountant.
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That's good. What are you studying in school? I'm studying to be a veterinarian.
I am studying psychology. I am hoping to become a counselor someday.
That sounds like a good career. I wish you the best of luck with that. I'm sure you'll do great.
Thank you so much. I hope so. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
I like to go to the beach a lot. It's one of my favorite things to do.
That sounds so relaxing. I would love to be able to do that. What beach do you go to?
I usually go to lake michigan beaches. The water is so clear and the sand is so soft.
That sounds lovely. I have never been to a beach before. What is your favorite thing to do there?
I love going to the lake and swimming in the water. It is so peaceful.
That sounds nice. Do you like to swim in the ocean or lake? I like both.
I love both. The ocean is so much more peaceful and relaxing, but I love to go to the beach too.
Do you have a favorite beach? Mine is the one near my house. It's beautiful.
I would have to say the one by my house as well. I love the peacefulness of it.
Have you ever been to lake michigan? I've always wanted to go there, but it's so far away.
I have never been there but I would like to go someday. I hear it is beautiful.
It really is. I've been to a lot of beaches, but nothing compares to the beauty of the lake.
I would love to go to the beach and swim in the ocean. I think that would be so relaxing. Do you like to swim?
Yes, I love swimming. It's one of my favorite things to do in the summer.
What is your favorite place to go swimming? Do you have a favorite beach to swim at?
I like going to lake michigan and swimming there. I don't have a beach near me.
That sounds like a great place to swim. Have you ever swam in the grand rapids lake?
No, I've never been there. What is it like? Is it nice to swim in?
It's a beautiful lake. The water is crystal clear and there are a lot of fish in there.
That sounds lovely. I'll have to check it out next time I go to the beach.
I would love to go to california and swim in the ocean. I think it would be so relaxing. Do you like swimming?
Yes, I love swimming. It's one of my favorite things to do in the summer.
Do you have a pool at your house or do you go to a lake or ocean?