Hello, how are you?
Great I cant wait for easter weekend!
Same here! I get to see all eight of my grandchildren.
I hope my new blue hair matches my new easter dress.
I'm sure it will! At my old age, I don't think I could pull it off.
I turn 29 next week, I cant wait to leave for spring break.
Where are you going? My spring breaks used to be quiet and not too crazy.
My mom just gave me a new car, so ill just be driving.
Very nice! A librarian was my mother's profession.
Are you a librarian too?
I do like the quiet nature of it, but I am retired.
What do you enjoy doing in nature.
After thinking about your confidence about your hair, I've decided that I'm going to dye my hair red. How did you dye your hair?
I dyed my hair with henna actually! They make great hennas for red hair and henna is actually very good for your hair.
Thanks for the tip! I'd dye my hair blue like yours, but I'm old. I already have blue hair!
Maybe you can do a semi permanent dye and have a little fun with your grandkids, if they'd be allowed of course.
That's a great idea! If I died it purple for a while, i bet my grandkids would be shocked! I'd like to see their faces!
I think it would be a lot of fun to embrace a new hair color.
yeah, anything but grey! Getting old is no fun. Be glad you are still young!
I love grey hair though, I'm thinking of dying it a nice cool shade of grey one day!
One day nature will do it for you! lol Does your new dress match your hair?
Yes! My dress is also blue, but not quite the same shade. More like a turquoise.
Turquoise is my favorite color! Is your new car turquoise too?
I wish, it's just a boring black color. I just got my first new car, I've been driving pre owned cars before.
That's awesome! What kind of car is it? I've always wanted to drive a pre-owned car.
It's a toyota camry hybrid. It's so nice to have a car that I don't have to worry about.
That sounds like a great car! Do you have any plans to go on a road trip with it?
I would love to, but I'm not sure when I'll be able to get the time off from work.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get some time off soon. Where would you like to go?
I'd love to go to the beach. I've never been to a beach before.
That would be a great place to go. I haven't been to one since I was a kid.
What kind of music do you like? Do you play an instrument or just listen to it?
I like all kinds of music. I don't play any instruments. I just like to listen to music.
That's cool. Do you listen to a lot of music? What is your favorite genre?
I mostly listen to pop music. My favorite artist is katy perry. What about you?
I like pop music too. I'm a big fan of taylor swift. Have you ever seen her in concert?
No, I haven't. I would love to go to a concert someday though.
I hope you get to one day. I've been to a couple of her concerts and they were so much fun.
Thank you, I hope so too. What was your favorite song of hers to listen to?
It's hard to pick a favorite, but if I had to I'd probably go with "the one that got away".
That's a good one, I like that one too. Do you like any of her other songs?
I don't think I've heard any other songs by her. What are some of your favorites?
I like a lot of her songs, but my favorites are the ones that remind me of my grandchildren.
I'll have to check them out sometime. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
My favorite color is purple, but blue is a close second. How long have you been dyeing your hair?
I've been dying my hair since I was in high school. It's been a few years now.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you dye it yourself or go to a salon?
I go to the salon. I don't trust myself to do it myself. Have you dyed your hair before?
No, I've never dyed my hair. I'm not sure I'd trust myself either.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
I used to have a cat, but she passed away last year. I miss her a lot.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I know how hard it is to lose a beloved pet.
Thank you. It was hard, but I'm glad I had her for as long as I did. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the sweetest dog ever.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to get one of those. How old is he/she?
He is 2 and a half years old. I got him when he was just a few months old.
Aww, that's so cute. I wish I could have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any pets of your own that you take care of?
I used to have a cat, but she passed away a few years ago. I miss her a lot.
I'm so sorry for your loss. It's so hard to lose a beloved pet.
Thank you for your condolences. Yes, it is very hard. How is your dog doing?
My dog is doing well. He's getting a little older, but he still has a lot of life left in him.
That's good to hear. What kind of dog is it? Do you think you will get another one?
It's a german shepherd. I'm not sure if I want to get another dog or not.