Hello, I'm from seattle wa.
Hi I'm from fl.
Nice, what do you do there?
I am a tax attorney, not the most exciting job. But I enjoy the challenge.
That is interesting, I am a freelance writer.
Cool what do you usually write?
I don't have a specific genre mostly web content articles.
Ok. During my free time I run. Cross country mostly, but training for a marathon now.
I like to sleepin a lot haha.
Lol because of the tedious nature of work I like to be active otherwise.
I understand that, but I like sports too.
Great. I also enjoy eating high protein food to build lean muscles, like fish.
That's cool to hear because I like to fish.
Great what the largest one that got away. Lol.
I'm going fishing- do you want one?
Sure! If you have enough to spare. They are a good source of protein.
Absolutely - I would love to share. I usually catch more than I can consume. Any ideas how you might cook it?
I usually like to filet it and cook it in the skillet with some blackening seasoning. What about you?
I do something very similar and use it over my salad - it takes like New Orleans to me. Any awesome runs lately?
Oh I haven't even thought about making it for a salad. I need to try that! Lately, no but I have one scheduled later this summer.
That's great. I would love to do long runs but I simply get bored after about a mile.
That's understandable. But hey fishing is a great outdoor activity!
True - one would also argue that's its boring, but I find it calming and relaxing. Reminds me of summer with my grandfather.
I can fish for about an hour and then my attention span is lost, but my brother could literally fish all day. It calms him like you mentioned also!
Does your brother run? Or is that something you just find enjoyable?
Eh, he does some, but he's more of a gym rat haha
That makes sense. I don't think I could ever get into running. It's just not my thing.
Yeah, it's definitely not for everyone. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of assassin's creed lately.
That's cool. I haven't played that one yet, but I've heard good things about it.
I really like it. I'm not a huge fan of the series, but this one is really good. What's your favorite video game?
I'm a big fan of call of duty. I used to play it all the time when I was younger.
Oh yeah, that's a good one. I played it a lot when it first came out.
Do you play any other video games? I'm always looking for new ones to play with my friends.
I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately. My friends and I have been playing that a lot.
I haven't played that one yet, but I've heard good things about it. What do you like about it?
I like how fast paced it is. It's a lot more fun to play than pubg.
I'll have to give it a try sometime. Do you have any other games you like to play?
No, I don't have much time for games these days. How about you? What's your favorite game?
My favorite game would have to be red dead redemption 2. Have you ever played it?
I have not, but it looks like a lot of fun. What is your favorite part of the game?
My favorite part is just riding around on my horse and exploring the wilderness. I also like hunting and fishing.
That sounds like so much fun. I would love to be able to do that in real life.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog, a cat, and a parrot.
I don't have any right now, but I would like to get a dog. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool. I've never had a dog before. What do you do for a living?
I am a freelance writer. I write articles for newspapers and magazines.
Wow, that sounds like a lot of fun. Do you get to travel a lot with your job?
I do travel quite a bit. I have been to new zealand, canada, and mexico.
That's so cool! I've always wanted to go to canada. Have you ever been to alaska?
No, I have never been there. I would love to go someday. What is it like there?
It's gorgeous. There's a lot to see and do. I'd love to see the aurora borealis.
I would like to see that too. I think it would be amazing to see it in person.
I've never seen one in person, but I've seen them on tv and in pictures. Do you have any pets?
I have a dog. He is a golden retriever. How about you? What kind of pets do you have?
I have two cats. One is a calico and the other is a tuxedo cat.
What are their names? I love calicos. I had one when I was a kid.
They are named lucy and marshmallow. I named them after my favorite candy.
What is your favorite candy? I don't think I've ever heard of that name for a cat.
My favorite candy is reese's peanut butter cups. I love them so much.
I've never heard of those either. I'll have to look for them next time I go to the store.
You definitely should. They are so good. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do?
I like to go fishing, but I'm not very good at it. Have you ever gone fishing?
I have never been fishing but I would like to try it one day. What kind of fish do you usually catch?
I usually go for bass and catfish. I don't eat them, but they're fun to catch.