Hey, buddy...how's it going?
Doing great weather is great for playing baseball. You?
Waiting for some better weather to get out diving! Ever been scuba diving?
No but I do enjoy having seafood.
Best seafood I've ever had was as a marine stationed in hawaii.
I would love to goto hawaii, but currently stuck working on my marketing degree.
Retired now, so will go for the 4th time soon!.
I would like to do a design ad later for hawaii, when I go visit.
Yep, just got divorced so it's just me and my two pets snakes now..
Good time to learn new things. I love learning new languages.
What languages can you speak now?
Chinese and english. Learning japanese since I like playing baseball.
One of my pet snakes escaped today! Guess where I found him?
I hope it wasn't curled up on the couch!
Nope that would not have been good. He was in my tumble dryer. I nearly didn't see him when i put the clothes in there from the wash.
Perhaps the dryer was still warm after the last use and he enjoyed the temperature. Sometimes I wish I could crawl into a dryer to warm up!
Yes that must of been it. I should of checked there first really but its the furthest place he could have gone in it didn't even cross my mind. But he is safely back in his enclosure now.
Do you think the snakes might have contributed to your divorce?
No they didn't i got them after the divorce as i always wanted to have snakes and she didn't. But now i get to do what i like which is great.
I generally do what I want too, sometimes it doesn't work out with my studies...I have been trying to finish this marketing degree for 6 years now. Probably time to strap in and hit the books!
Yeah school can be tough to get through. Especially if you don't have the right mind set. But you have come so far you can do this.
I'm just spread a little thin now...school, learning foreign languages, baseball, etc. I really need to focus on one at a time. Any tips for when you were in marines?
Honestly at first i didn't take things as serious as i should off. You just need to set up yourself in your mind that you need to put in the work to get to the place you want to be in life, even when times get hard just push through and it will all be worth it in the end.
Good advice. I will never be a professional ball player or work at the United Nations as a translator, so better to focus on marketing.
That's a good idea, marketing is a good way to make a lot of money. Do you speak any other languages?
I speak spanish, french, german, and a little bit of italian.
Wow, that's impressive. I wish I could speak more languages. I only speak english and spanish.
That's still really impressive! How long have you been learning spanish? I've always wanted to learn another language.
I've been trying to learn spanish for a few years now, but I'm not very good at it yet.
I'm sure you'll get there! Do you have any plans to visit mexico anytime soon?
No, I don't think so. I would love to go to hawaii though.
Hawaii would be fun! I've never been there but I've heard it's beautiful.
Yes, it is beautiful. I have been there a few times and it is amazing. Do you like to travel?
Yes, I love to travel. It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
What is your favorite place you have traveled to? Do you travel alone or with your family?
My favorite place so far has been new zealand. I traveled with my family when I was younger, but now I prefer to travel alone.
Have you been to hawaii? I have always wanted to go there, but I have never been able to afford it.
I haven't, but it's on my list of places to visit. I've heard it's beautiful there.
Yes, I have heard that as well. I would love to go to the beach there. Do you like to surf?
I've never surfed before. I don't think I'd be very good at it.
You should give it a try. It is a lot of fun. I have been surfing since I was a kid.
I'll have to try it sometime. I'm not sure if I'll like it, though. What do you like about it?
I like the adrenaline of it. I love the feeling of being in the ocean.
That's a good way to put it. Maybe I'll try it someday, then.
I would love to go to hawaii one day. I hear it is beautiful there. Have you ever been?
I haven't, but I've always wanted to go. It's on my bucket list.
I hope you get to go one day! What else is on your list of things to do?
I'd like to go on a cruise. I've never been on one, but it sounds like a lot of fun.
Cruises are fun! I went on one with my family when I was younger and it was a blast.
That's good to hear. I'm glad you had a good time. Do you think you'll ever go on one again?
I'm not sure. I don't know if I'm ready for that kind of commitment again.
I can understand that. It's a big commitment, but I think it's worth it.
I think you're right. Maybe I'll give it a try. How long have you been surfing?
Since I was a kid. I grew up in florida and surfed all the time.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to visit florida. What's your favorite place to surf?
I would have to say hawaii. The waves there are the best I have ever seen.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I would love to see the waves in california.
I would like to go to california someday. I have never been to the west coast. Have you ever been there?
I have been to san francisco a few times. It is a great place to visit.
I have heard it is beautiful there. What is your favorite thing to do in san fran?
I like to visit the zoo and the aquarium. Do you have any favorite places to visit?
I have always wanted to visit new york city. I hear there is a lot to do there.
I've never been there, but I've heard the same thing. I would love to see the statue of liberty.
That would be cool to see. I wonder if there are any good restaurants in nyc. What kind of food do you like?