Hi.
Hi! Do you like music? I love black sabbath.
Dad was in the navy tho so he wouldnt let me listen to black sabbath.
That's too bad. Do you work? Workaholic here as I'm in debt.
I'm still in school now.
I'm 26 and out of school and only think of work all the time.
That's too bad. Do you have any pets to cheer you up?
No pets. Not my thing, but I love food. What's your favorite?
Good old burgers and fries! Yours?
I love meat. Call me a carnivore!
Haha nice. I like chocolate, too. Named my dogs snickers and bounty.
Oh those are such cute names. What kind of dogs?
Have you had any days off lately?
Not recently, it has been all work and no fun recently. Once I get rid of this debt though, it will all be better.
Yeah, I guess once that debt is gone you can have a little extra cash to do some fun stuff. I'm trying to work my way through school so I can have as little student loan debt as possible.
That is a very smart plan. What kind of job do you have right now? I am a grocery store clerk, but I am only doing it until I can find a more permanent job in education.
I'm actually driving uber and doing some other gig work. Surprisingly, it's not a bad way to make some money. I'm in a bigger city so there's plenty of work that way. Well I hope you can find a teaching position, we need all the best teachers we can get. Are you done with school?
Yes I am done with school. I am hoping to find some work in the math related field, preferably at a high school. Math is what my major is in.
That's good! I thought about being a teacher at one point. I was kind of a science geek. Believe it or not I like working with middle school. They are difficult but still a lot of fun.
I understand. Is being a teacher still on the table for you or will you pursue a different career?
It's not really on the table anymore. I like research more than teaching...I like the idea of asking questions other people haven't asked or explored yet. I'm headed into the social science right now. Studying people and the way we interact with one another and the environment around us.
That is an inspiring and terrific field to enter. And who knows, if teaching doesn't work out, maybe I will find myself in the research field. Hopefully you would be able to give me some pointers.
I'd be glad to. Have you tried any new restaurants recently?
I have not really had time to go out recently, so I have just been having fast food recently.
That's too bad. I hope you get some free time soon. What's your favorite fast food?
I would have to say mcdonalds. I love their chicken nuggets and fries.
That's a good choice. I don't eat fast food often, but when I do, it's mcd's.
That's understandable. What do you do for a living? I'm in school to be a teacher.
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. What grade do you want to teach?
I'd like to teach kindergarten, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to.
I think you would be a great teacher. I wish I had a teacher like you when I was in school.
Thank you, that's very kind of you to say. I'm sure you're a good teacher, too. How long have you been teaching?
I have been teaching for about 10 years now. I love my job and the kids I teach.
That's great, I'm glad you love what you do. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have pets. I would love to have a dog, but my wife is allergic.
I'm sorry to hear that, maybe you can get a hypoallergenic dog?
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you studying in school? I'm thinking of going back to school for nursing.
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of animals with that.
I hope so. I would love to work with dogs and cats. Do you have pets?
I don't have any pets right now, but I used to have a dog when I was younger.
What kind of dog did you have when you were younger? I have always wanted a golden retriever.
I had a german shepherd. They are great dogs, but they can be a handful.
I have heard that they are very energetic. Did you have to walk it a lot?
Yes, I had to walk him a lot. He loved to run and play fetch. He was a great dog.
That sounds like a lot of fun. Do you think you will get another dog in the future?
I hope so. I would like to adopt a dog from a shelter or rescue.
I think that is a great idea. I have been thinking about getting a dog, but I am not sure what breed to get.
I would recommend a german shepherd or a labrador retriever. What kind of dog do you have now?
I have a chihuahua. I am thinking of getting a poodle.
Poodles are great dogs. They are very smart and easy to train. Have you ever had a dog before?
No, I have never owned a dog. I think it would be good for me to get one.
I think that would be a good idea. Dogs are great companions. Do you have any other pets?
I don't have any pets right now, but I would like to get a dog in the future.
That's a great idea. What kind of dog would you want to get? I've always wanted a golden retriever.
I would probably get a german shepherd or a labrador. I love dogs.
Those are great breeds. I'm not sure if I want a big dog or a small one.
I think it depends on how much time you have to spend with them. If you have a lot of free time, a small dog would be better.
I think you're right. I'll have to do some research on small dogs. Do you have any small dogs?
I don't have any pets right now, but I used to have a chihuahua.
That's cool. I've always wanted a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get one someday. What kind of music do you like?