My family is awesome, what about yours?
They are good. Two brothers. You?
One sister, she has autism. My mom is awesome to care for her.
Hey thats a lot for mom to deal with. Go mom.
She taught me well, I want to be a nurse, a healer and cargiver like her.
Thats cool. I think I do not want to be a farmer like my dad.
I wouldn't want to be a farmer either. I'm from argentina, what about you?
Not from argentina. From the states, from michigan. Do you know who slartibartfast is?
Never, ever heard of it....tell me more.
Who, slartibartfast is, who. He was a character in a movie. A movie I like.
I'll have to look him up.
I recently moved to chicago. Its a nice place.
My sister just said the funniest thing to my mom!
Oh what did she say?
She asked her if oranges are called oranges because they orange or because they are a fruit.
That is funny and also very thought provoking. One of my brothers was always asking things like that when he was a younger.
I think it is because she is autistic. Her brain looks at things very black and white.
Your mom does a great job taking care of her. I know you'll be just as good of a caretaker. Are you almost done with nursing school?
Nearly, can't believe I will be out in the world looking after people on my own.
Yeah I'm sure there are a lot of hospitals hiring right now too. Do you have a place in mind where you want to work yet? You could always work in Chicago near me.
I am open to travelling anywhere really. It is something I am used to, coming from Argentina.
You're traveling more than Slartibartfast did in the Hitchhiker's Guide movies. Its nice to see the world.
I agree, you can't complain about things if you haven't seen the rest of the world.
Plus you'll be doing something to really help society. Nurses don't get enough credit for what they do.
That's very true, they are the backbone of the hospital. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's a good idea, pets can be a lot of work. What kind of pets do you have?
I have a german shepherd and a cat. I love them both very much.
That's awesome. I've always wanted a dog, but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you thought about getting a hypoallergenic dog?
I've thought about it, but it's hard to find one that doesn't shed a lot.
Yeah, that's true. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I have been playing a lot of call of duty lately. How about you?
That's cool. I like playing video games as well. What's your favorite video game to play?
I really like the assassin's creed series. What is your favorite genre of video games?
I like rpg games like fallout and elder scrolls. Have you played any of those?
No, I haven't played either of those. I've heard of fallout, but I've never played it.
Do you have any pets? I have a german shepherd and a cat.
I don't have pets. I would love to have a cat, but my mom is allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can get a hypoallergenic dog.
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an italian greyhound. I love him so much. He's so cute.
That's cool. I've always wanted to get a dog but I'm not sure what breed to get.
You should get a german shepherd. I have one and he's the best dog I've ever had. Do you like dogs?
I do like dogs, but I don't have the time to take care of one right now.
That's understandable. They are a lot of work. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That's a good way to make money while in school. What are you studying in school?
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be a great vet. What kind of animals do you like to work with?
I love dogs and cats. I have a german shepherd and a cat. Do you have pets?
No, I don't have any pets. I would love to have a dog, but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever thought about getting a hypoallergenic dog?
I have thought about it, but it's hard to find one that doesn't shed a lot.
Yeah, that's true. Maybe you could look into getting one from a breeder that breeds specifically for people with allergies.
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I would recommend getting a dog from a rescue shelter. There are so many dogs that need a home. Do you have any pets at home?
No, I don't have time for a pet. I'm too busy with school and work.
What are you studying in school? What do you want to do with your life when you graduate?
I'm studying biology. I want to be a veterinarian when I graduate.
That sounds like a great career choice. I wish you the best of luck in your studies.
Thank you so much! I hope you have a great rest of your day. I need to go to bed soon. Have a good night!