Hello how are you doing today?
Very well thank you. How are you?
Going to head out soon to play some baseball. I really like the game.
I love baseball too. So does my son. We play every chance we get.
After our game, we plan to head out to a nice seafood restaurant. I love lobster.
I do not eat any kinds of meat but my son like lobster and crab.
Do you speak any other languages? I enjoy learning them.
Not fluently. I speak a little bit of german because my mom was born in germany.
I am currently going to school to get my degree in marketing and talking french at night.
Good luck with your degree! French is probably more useful than german:).
I hope to design ads for local non profit companies.
That is a great goal!!! Is it similar to volunteering?
I've maybe got some work experience lined up to help a local start-up company with their marketing.
Oh that sounds awesome, what kind of ideas do you have up your sleeve for their marketing program?
First, they need to improve their online presence. They don't even have a single social media page!
Ouch! It is hard to get ahead in today's business landscape when you are not even on social media. What school are you goiing to to get your marketing degree?
Just the local community college. They've got a really flexible program, and they also have good contacts with local companies.
Smart move, you get a similar education to those big public universities and you save yourself a lot of money in the long run.
Exactly. I'd like to get out of the rent trap and buy my own place, and this has definitely helped me save up some money!
Without a doubt, you mentioned earlier you like lobster too, maybe eating less of that will help you get out of the rent trap as well haha.
Lol yes, it's expensive! I'm guessing you have your own house?
I do, it is not currently paid off yet, still have a mortgage but getting close!
Congratulations! That's a huge achievement! Do you have any tips as to how I might go about shopping for a house?
Just be patient, you'll never find exactly what you want on the first try, keep an open mind to all locations as well.
Thanks for the advice! I'll keep that in mind. How long did it take you to find your house?
It took me about a year and a half to find the perfect house for me and my family.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you think you'll be able to find another house soon?
I hope so. It's hard to find a house that fits all of my family's needs.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you'll find the right house for you and your family soon.
Thank you so much for your kind words. I hope you have a great rest of your day. Have a good one!
You're very welcome. Thank you for the well wishes. You have a good day as well. How is your son doing?
My son is doing great. He just got a promotion at his new job. I am so proud of him.
Congratulations to him! What does he do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
He is an accountant for a local non-profit. He is really excited about it.
That's great! I'm sure he'll be able to do a lot of good with that.
I hope so. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to spend time with my family. It's important to me to be there for them.
That's very nice of you. What do you do with your family when you're not with them?
I try to spend as much time with them as I can. I love my family and I want them to be happy.
That's really sweet. I wish I had a family. I don't have any siblings.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to have a family someday. How old are you?
I'm in my mid twenties. I just don't know what I want to do with my life.
I'm sure you'll figure it out eventually. Do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
That's cool. I like video games too, but I'm not very good at them. What's your favorite video game?
I really like the assassin's creed series. Have you ever played any of those games?
No, I haven't. I don't think I've ever played an assassins creed game. What is it about?
It's a third-person action-adventure game set in ancient egypt.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of fallout 76 lately.
I've heard good things about that game, but I've never played it. What do you like about it?
I really like the exploration aspect of it. There's so much to see and do.
That sounds fun. I like exploring in games too. What's your favorite thing to do in the game?
I really enjoy just exploring the world. There are so many different things to do and see.
That sounds like a good way to spend your free time. I wish I had more time to do that.
I'm sure you have plenty of free time, you just have to find a way to use it. Do you have any pets?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
I'm so sorry to hear that, I know how hard it is to lose a pet. What kind of dog was he?
He was a german shepherd. He was the best dog I've ever had.
Aww, that's so sweet. German shephards are such great dogs. I've never had one, but I've always wanted one.
They are great dogs, but they can be a handful if you don't know what you are doing. How long have you been playing video games?
I've been playing games since I was a kid. My dad taught me how to play when I was young.
That's awesome. Do you have a favorite video game that you have been playing for a long time?
My favorite game of all time is super mario bros 3. What is your favorite game?