Hello, I just finished my daily run outside.
Cool, do you compete running or just stay fit.
Just do it exercise and leisure! What do you do?
I play video games, mostly with friends.
Cool, I have never played video games but I would to try.
League of legends is my favorite and alistar is my favorite champion.
I have heard of league of legends my friends play that.
Last month I bought a new gaming laptop which is really cool.
Wow, I don't enjoy computer games that much. I like to be outside.
I understand, do you do exercise other than running.
I like to swim too, I also enjoy walking my dog..
Swimming is good for you too.
How has the new gaming laptop been working for you when you play League of Legends?
It's been great. Works really well, great visuals. I know you're not a gamer, but I'd highly recommend the brand if you were ever in the market for a computer.
You are right, but all my friends like to play! I just got through with my first marathon. It was a real challenge.
Oh gosh I can only imagine! How did you feel at the end of it?
I was drained and dehydrated. I always run at a faster pace when I'm in a crowd of people and it really got to me.
I have to admit, I've never been much of a runner unless I'm being chased, lol! I do enjoy swimming, though.
That's another one of favorite activities. I'm a better runner than a swimmer however.
Swimming feels so good on my knees. They get so sore. Have you ever tried getting your dog to swim with you?
Yes! I go some in the lake and my dog loves it. I guess it is true. Dogs are man's best friend.
Haha, my poor dog is so ridiculous. She's terrified of a bath, but she loves to jump into a muddy lake.
I need to take a run or swim tomorrow before I get too lazy!!!
Now that it's getting warmer swimming will feel really good.
I can't wait to get out there. It's been so long since I've been in the water. Do you like to swim?
Yes, I love swimming! It's one of my favorite things to do in the summer.
Do you have a pool in your backyard or do you have to go to a pool?
There's a pool nearby, but I don't use it too often. I prefer to swim in the ocean.
Have you ever been to the beach in florida? I've always wanted to go there.
No, I've never been to florida. I'd like to go someday, though.
That's too bad. I'm sure you'd love it there. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's pretty boring, but it pays the bills.
That's not boring at all. That's a great job. I wish I could find a job like that.
It's not the best job in the world, but I'm glad I have it. What kind of job are you looking for?
I'm looking for a job that I can do from home. I don't like working in an office.
I can understand that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and swim. I also like to read. What about you?
I love to read as well. My favorite author is stephen king. What is your favorite book?
Stephen king is a great author. I like a lot of his books. I would have to say my favorite book is the great gatsby.
I have never read that one. I will have to check it out. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't had much time to read lately. I've been so busy with work.
That makes sense. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's not the most exciting job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job to me. I wish I could find a job that I enjoyed.
I'm sure you'll find something that you enjoy. What kind of job are you looking for?
I'm looking for something that I can do from home. I don't like working in an office.
I can understand that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go to the beach and swim. I also like to read. What about you?
I love to read as well. My favorite author is stephen king. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't. What is your favorite book of his? Do you like any other authors?
My favorite book is the stand. I like a lot of his other books, but that one is my favorite.
What is it about the stand that makes you like it so much? I've never read it.
It's just a really good book. I don't want to spoil it for you though. You should read it sometime.
I'll have to check it out. I'm always looking for new books to read. Do you have any other recommendations?
If you like sci-fi you should check out the expanse series. It's really good.
I've heard good things about that one. I'll definitely give it a try. Thanks for the recommendation!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't had much time to read lately. I've been so busy with work.
That's too bad. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. What are you going to school for, if I may ask?
I am studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to help a lot of people with that.
Thank you. I hope so. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.