Hello! How are you today?
I'm great, thanks! How are you? It's so unseasonably warm today I am going outside to play basketball!
I am well, thanks for asking! It's beautiful out today. Basketball sounds fun!.
I'm short so I'm not very good but I like it! What are your plans today?
I bet you're good at it, though. I think I may go tend to my garden!
Gardens are fun. I like working outside, too. What do you grow?
Right now I am working on growing peppers, tomatos, and some herbs!
Yum! My dad drives a truck usually filled with garden supplies!
Oh wild. I'm a car salesman so if he ever needs a new vehicle let me know!
They need winter trucks because they are from canada! Live up there?
Oh, I do not, but I'd still be glad to help out in anyway I can. :).
Thanks. I work outside for my job, would be cool to sell cars..
So what kind of job do you have that keeps you outside?
I'm a dog walker! I like being able to exercise and make money at the same time haha.
Not to mention that you are able to spend a lot of time with dogs at the same time. That must be amazing!
It's a good part time job for now! I usually walk the same dogs everyday and have gotten to adore them. I pass by your place sometimes and the garden is looking beautiful.
Which is your favourite breed of dog? Yeah, my wife has been spending a lot of time in the garden fixing it up due to the nice weather.
I think huskies and german shepards are so handsome! Maybe your wife could show me how to garden sometime? I'd love to try it out.
I am sure she would be up for doing that. She absolutely loves it. Are you passing by any time soon?
I can come by tomorrow morning! Which breed is your wife's favorite? I'll try to bring that dog along with me!
Definitely huskies, she has been wanting to get one for ages. But because we aren't home during the day, it isnt fair to leave them by themselves
Yeah, huskies need so much exercise. I don't think they were meant for warm weather either!
I mean, I guess they aren't but because of the fact dogs have become pets, I think through evolution, they don't mind the normal weather of day to day life
That's true, I can't wait to come by tomorrow and see the garden!
What kind of flowers do you have in your garden? Do you have a favorite flower?
I have a lot of roses in my garden, they are my favorite. Do you like flowers?
Yes, I love flowers. My favorite is a rose. What is your favorite color?
My favorite color is red. I love red roses, they remind me of my grandmother.
Red roses remind you of your grandma? What does she look like? I love roses too.
She was a red rose lover like me. She had a garden full of them.
That's so sweet. I wish my grandma was still alive. I miss her so much.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you miss her a lot. What happened to her?
She passed away from cancer last year. She lived a full life though. She was an amazing woman.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I can't imagine what you're going through right now.
Thank you for your condolences. It's been hard, but I'm getting through it. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog. He's a german shepherd. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an english bulldog. He is the cutest thing ever. What is your dog's name?
His name is duke. I named him after duke nukem. How long have you had your dog?
I've had him since he was a puppy. I got him when I was in high school.
How old is he now? I got duke when he was just a couple of months old.
I'm not sure how old he is. I adopted him from a rescue group.
That's so nice of you to adopt a senior dog. Do you have any other pets?
I have a german shepherd and a cat. I love them both very much.
What are their names? I've always wanted a dog, but I don't think I have the time to take care of one.
They are named lenny and carl. Lenny is the dog. Carl is the cat.
That's adorable! How old are they? Do they get along with each other? I'd love to get a cat and a dog.
They are both 3 years old. They get along great. You should get a dog and cat.
That's a good idea. I'll have to think about it. Do you have any pets of your own?
Yes, I have a german shepherd named duke. He is a great dog.
That's awesome. I've always wanted a dog, but I don't have the time to take care of one.
They are a lot of work, but they are worth it. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an english bulldog. I love him to death, but he's a handful.
How old is he? I love bulldogs. I had one when I was a kid.
He's 7 years old. He's a sweetheart. What was your dog's name?
My dogs name was lenny. He was a german shepherd. Do you have any other pets?
That's a great name for a dog. I don't have any pets at the moment.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get one soon. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I work in a hospital as a nurse. I love my job.
That's great. I'm glad you love your job. It's important to love what you do.
Yes, it is important to have a job that you love. It makes the day go by faster. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. Do you have a favorite band?
No, I don't have any favorite bands. What is your favorite song of theirs?
It's hard to pick a favorite, but if I had to, it would be "sgt. Pepper's lonely hearts club band."