Hi! How are you doing today?
Hi! I've been better. I have to move next month to a new state.
I am so sorry to hear that. Do you love where you live now?
Yes, but my dad lost his job as headmaster at my school..
My dad lost his job last year. All he kept was his blue dodge truck.
It's rough. But my school is so strict maybe this school will be looser.
I bet it will. I want to go back to school. I'm a part-time plumber.
What do you want to do? My sisters are all older then me and in college.
Honestly? Watch sunsets during the summer. What job lets me do that?
Park ranger? Lol do you like sports? I love the bears!
I like sports, mostly basketball. I love eating poached eggs.
I've never had a poached egg! I usually do scrambled with cheese.
I eat them every morning on the balcony of my 32nd floor apartment.
Oh wow I bet you have a great view!
Did you start packing today?
I did, thanks for asking! My dad and sisters all came to help me pack. How's your day been?
My day is going well so far. I have to go to work later tonight, it is a big job and could lead to full time.
I hope it does! You've been working so hard and deserve more.
Thank you. I can finally go back to school if it pans out. How are you doing with the school move?
It worked out well. All that has to be done is finishing the packing and saying my goodbyes. We need to see each other before I leave!
I'm glad to hear it is going good. Maybe we can get a game of hoops in this weekend.
Come over Saturday morning! We can eat some eggs and then play a few games.
That sounds great. I will teach you how to make poached eggs finally! I think the Bears game is on as well.
I would love to try one! They look so tasty. That sounds like a great day planned. I can't wait!
Me too!! My dad said I can use his truck to help you move any big stuff if you need.
Awesome! Does your dad wanna come over and catch up with my dad as well?
I think that would be a great idea! I'm sure they would have a lot to talk about.
I think so too. I think it would be good for him to get out of the house and meet some new people.
That's a good idea. I'll have to talk to him about it and see what he thinks. How is your dad doing?
He's doing well. He's been working a lot of overtime lately, so I haven't been able to see him as much as I'd like.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he gets some time off soon so you can see him.
I hope so, too. It's hard to get away from work when you're a plumber. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That's good. I wish I could do something like that, but I don't think I'd be good at it.
You should give it a try. You never know if you don't try. Do you have any hobbies?
Not really. I like to read, but that's about it. How about you? What's your favorite hobby?
I love to read as well. My favorite hobby is playing video games. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is 1984 by George Orwell. Have you ever read it? What kind of video games do you play?
I have never read that book. I play a lot of call of duty. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It pays the bills while I go to school.
That sounds like a good job. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have pets, but I would like to get a dog. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. He is the best dog ever. I love him so much.
Labradors are great dogs. I used to have one when I was a kid.
They really are. What kind of dog did you have when you were a kid? Do you still have it?
I had a german shepherd. I still have him, but he passed away a few years ago.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sure you miss him a lot. Do you have any other pets now?
I don't have any pets right now. I've been thinking about getting a cat, but I'm not sure.
I think that's a great idea. A cat would be a great companion for you. What are you thinking of getting?
I think I'm going to get a tuxedo cat. I think they're the cutest.
That's a good choice. Tuxedos are great cats. I had one when I was a kid.
Yeah, I think it would be nice to have a cat that looks like it belongs in a movie. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool. I've never had a dog, but I would like to get one someday.
They're a lot of work, but they're worth it. Do you have any pets at home?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's a good idea. It's hard to find the time when you're working so much.
Yeah, I know what you mean. I wish I had more time to spend with my family. How is your family doing?
My family is doing well, thanks for asking. We're all doing well in our careers.
That's good to hear. What do you and your family do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
We all work in the medical field. My dad is a doctor and my mom is a nurse.
That's great. Do you have any siblings? I have two brothers and a sister.
No, I don't have any brothers or sisters. I am an only child. How many kids do you have?
I have three kids. They are all in their 20s and 30s now. It's hard to keep up with them.
I can imagine. How old are your kids? Do you think you will have more kids in the future?
They are 10, 11, and 15. I hope so, but I'm not sure yet.