Hi. I just got home from school. What's up with you?
Hey there just got done looking at furniture online. How are you today?
I'm good. What kind of furniture are you getting?
Loveseat. I hope it will not collect pet fur.
Do you have dogs, cats, or a mixture of both?
2 doggies. I love my fur babies.
Aww! We have a dog and a cat, but the cat only really likes mom.
Cats can be that way. My dogs will be happy when the house is finished.
Are you doing major renovations like on hgtv?
Yeah and the dogs dont care for all the workers..
My dad's a steel worker. It's really noisy there!
I bet. Well I need to get to the mall soon for work..
Ok, I need to do my homework. It was nice chatting with you!
After work I will grill steaks. Drop by later if you can..
How are your home renovations coming along?
It's coming along, slowly but surely. Dealing with contractors is always a pain. It's as though they're incapable of meeting their own deadlines!
Yes, I can imagine. Are you able to do any of the work yoursef?
Only certain basics like painting and such. With my work schedule, it's hard to get much done.
I'd offer to help you, but I'm afraid I'm not very handy. I tend to take after my mother more than my dad.
Haha I appreciate the thought. How have things been at school lately?
Pretty good. But it takes a lot of time too. My parents warned me about going into nuclear physics;.
Wow, you're very ambitious! I can't even begin to imagine what the workload must be.
Yeah, I try to explain it to my parents but they don't understand. My dad says the only thing you need to know about physics is to not drop an I-beam on your foot.
Haha in your dad's defense, he's in a very different line of work. They're not too concerned about theory over at the steel mills!
I suppose not. He does go nuclear sometimes though! lol has the mall been busy lately?
It's been pretty hectic, yes! I'm amazed at how many people try to steal the most random junk from stores. I work in the central security office, so I see stuff on camera all day long.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I wish I had a job like that. Do you like your job?
I do like my job, but it can be stressful at times. What do you do for a living?
I work as a cashier at a grocery store. It's not the most exciting job in the world but it pays the bills.
That's good. I'm glad you have a job that you enjoy. How long have you been working there?
I've been working here for about a year and a half now. I really enjoy it and it's a great way to meet new people.
Wow, that's a long time. I bet you meet a lot of interesting people that way.
Yeah, I've met some really interesting people. I love meeting new people and getting to know them. Do you have any hobbies?
I don't have much time for hobbies since I work so much, but I like to read.
I love to read as well. What is your favorite genre to read? I like mystery and suspense.
Mystery is a good genre. I also like suspense and thrillers. Have you read any good books lately?
No, I haven't had much time to read lately. I've been so busy with work.
That's too bad. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work in a hospital as a nurse. It's a lot of work but I love my job.
That's great that you love what you do. Do you have any hobbies outside of work?
I like to read a lot. What about you? What do you like to do for fun?
I love to read as well. I also like to play video games. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book is the harry potter series by j. K. Rowling. What's yours?
Harry potter is a great book series. My favorite is the hunger games. Have you ever read it?
No, I haven't. I've heard of it, but I've never read it. Is it good?
Yes, it is very good. I think you would like it. Do you like dystopian novels?
I do! I've read a few of them. I really liked 1984 and brave new world.
I have never read either of those. I will have to check them out. What is your favorite food?
My favorite food is spaghetti. I love italian food. How about you?
I love mexican food. Have you ever been to mexico? I would love to go one day.
No, I haven't. I would like to go to italy, though. I've never been to europe.
Italy would be fun. I have been to greece, but not italy.
I've heard it's beautiful there. I'd love to see the sistine chapel. What's your favorite thing about italy?
My favorite thing is the food. Italian cuisine is the best in the world.
Do you have a favorite italian dish? I've always wanted to visit italy and try their food.
Yes, I love pasta. It's so versatile and can be made in so many different ways.
What is your favorite type of pasta? Mine is spaghetti with meatballs.
I really like spicy pasta with peppers and onions. Have you ever tried it?
No, I have never tried it. I will have to try it next time I go to the grocery store.
It's really good. You should try it sometime. What kind of books do you like to read?
I like mystery and thrillers. Do you have any recommendations for me to try?
I don't read a lot of mystery or thriller books, so I'm not the best person to ask.
I understand. What is your favorite book that you have read recently? I would like to check it out.
I haven't read anything recently, but my favorite book of all time is the harry potter series.
Harry potter is a great series. Have you read any of the other books in the series?
I've read all of them except for the last one. I just haven't gotten around to it yet.