Hey do you have any grandchildren? I have 8.
Wow, I do not have any grandchildren yet. I love disney though!
I did watch disney on netflix last night with one of my 8 grandchildren..
Oh okay, well I have a son and we watched moa\[.
Did you find that at the library?
No, it was actually on netflix.
O when I was younger my mother would take movies from there, she worked there.
Oh okay, my mother is a dentist.
Watching movie fits me since I am very quiet person.
Oh not me, I am more of a extrovert.
Most senior citizen like me becomes quiet person over time.
I understand that, I have years until I'm a senior citizen.
My grandkids got me a subscription to Disney+ two days ago and we've been watching it nonstop.
That is great. Are there any specific shows or movies you have been watching, or just a lot in general?
I have been watching a lot in general! They have me watching something called "The Descendents" but I like the classics such as The Lion King or Aladdin
I watch those a lot with my son. We also have Disney+ but most my tv and movie watching is on Netflix.
Yes, I am used to usually watching things on Netflix. I like watching more adult series. What did you watch most recently?
I have been watching the Netflix Original Stranger Things, as well as the AMC show Breaking Bad. Both are very interesting and fun to watch in their own way.
I watched Breaking Bad, I really liked it. My favorite character is Jesse Pinkman, how about you?
Jesse was fun to watch, but my favorite had to be Walter White. Bryan Cranston did such a great job portraying him.
Yes, he is a great actor. Does your son watch that show with you? How old is he, by the way?
He is 25, so it is appropriate for him to watch it for us. I wish I had some grandkids to watch shows with, although I would have to pick a few more child friendly tv shows.
Maybe your son will give you a grandchild soon!
I can only hope, and he still has a lot of time so I will not rush him!
That's a good idea. You don't want to rush him into something he's not ready for. What is your favorite tv show?
I don't really have a favorite show, but I do like to binge watch netflix. Do you like netflix?
Yes, I love netflix! Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do?
I like to go hiking with my grandkids. Have you ever been hiking before?
No, I have never hiked before. I would love to try it sometime, though.
It's a great way to get out of the house and get some fresh air. You should give it a try!
I will have to look up some trails and see if there are any close to where I live. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. What about you?
I don't really have a favorite. I like a lot of different types of music. Do you have any pets?
I have a dog and a cat. I love them both very much. What is your favorite type of music?
I like classical music and jazz a lot. What type of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He is the best dog I have ever had.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to get a dog, but I'm not sure what breed to get.
I would recommend getting one from a reputable breeder. I got mine from a rescue shelter. Have you ever had a dog?
No, I haven't. I don't think I have the time to take care of a dog.
That's understandable. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to spend time with my grandchildren. They are my world. What about you?
That's so sweet. I love spending time with the grandkids as well. It's so rewarding to see them grow up.
It really is. I am so grateful for the time I get to spend with them.
I can't wait to have kids of my own so I can be a grandma. How many kids do you have?
I have two kids. My oldest is in high school and my youngest is still in elementary school.
Wow, that's a lot of kids. I don't know if I could handle that many.
They are a handful, but I wouldn't trade them for the world. Do you have any kids?
No, not yet. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do with my life.
What do you like to do in your spare time? Maybe we can help you figure it out.
That's a good idea. I like to spend time with my grandkids. They are my world.
That sounds like a great way to spend your time. How many grandchildren do you have?
I have two grandkiddrens. My oldest is in high school and my youngest is still in elementary school.
Wow, that's a big family. I don't know if I could handle that many kids.
Yeah, it's a lot of work, but I wouldn't change it for the world. Do you have any kids?
No, not yet. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do with my life.
Well, I'm sure you'll figure it out. What do you do in your free time?
I spend most of my free time with my grandchildren. They keep me very busy.
That's nice. I wish I had grandkids to spend time with. How many do you have?
I have two grandchids. My oldest is in high school and my youngest is still in elementary school.
Wow, that's a lot of kids. I don't know if I could handle that many.
They are a handful, but I wouldn't trade them for the world. Do you have any siblings?
No, I'm an only child. I've always wanted to have a big family, though.
That's cool. I have a sister, but she lives in florida and I live in new york. We don't see each other much.
That's a bummer. I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for fun in nyc?