What is your favorite food?
I love to cook healthy food. So anything healthy is usually my go to..
That's nice! I really love poached eggs!
Yummy... Do you like movies? What is your favorite movie?.
I prefer to watch the sunset over a movie, but do you like movies?
I do like movies. Being a mom I'm usually watching lots of movies with my kids.
That's cool. Are you a stay at home mom or do you also have a job?
Just a stay at home mom..
Nice, I am a plumber on the side!
I'm sure that can be a dirty job at times, just like a mom. Lol.
Ha you are right!.
Do you live in the states? I live in california..
I just saw the greatest sunset so far this year. I know you like movies more than sunsets, but I heard there are supposed to be some great sunsets this week and I figured I should let you know that there may be some great ones.
I do like movies quite a bit, but I don't mind sunsets at all. After all, there are great sunsets where I live in California. Sometimes, you'll have the entire evening sky in shades of orange and violet. It's stunning.
I bet they are gorgeous on the west coast, I hope I get to see one someday. How are your kids doing?
My kids are doing great. Speaking of sunsets, maybe we can watch sunsets together instead of movies. I imagine that'll be better for our eyes.
I bet they would love that, especially if you can find a beach. Do they like to swim?
I do. Water is quite relaxing. I find the sensation of being in water to be therapeutic. I have to say, however, that I'm not as big of a fan of the beach. Sand gets everywhere and it's hard to clean. My kids love it, though, and for that reason, I oblige.
I am with you, I do not like the sand at all but the beach is my favorite place to watch sunsets. Have you watched any good movies with your kids lateley?
Haha, "good" as in movies I like, or movies they like? We've watched a lot of movies they like for sure, or in other words, every Disney movie under the sun. Don't get me wrong, though--a good many Disney movies are excellent!
They are good, what types of movies do you prefer?
I like sloppy romance movies (which I imagine my kids would dislike). I'm also up for the occasional horror movie, but again, my kids definitely aren't interested in that.
It sounds like Disney suits them just right then! Are your kids in school?
They are, which basically means I've got a good portion of the day to myself.
I can't wait to have kids of my own so I can do things like that with them!
You'll have to let me know how it goes! I'd love to hear all about it. How old are your kids?
I will definitely let you know! My kids are 8 and 10. They are a handful but I love them to death.
That's so sweet! I'm sure they love you as much as you love them, too.
They really do. I am so lucky to have them in my life. Do you have any kids?
I don't have any yet, but I hope to someday. I've been thinking about adopting.
Adoption is a great thing to do. There are so many kids out there that need a loving home.
I agree. I think it would be great to adopt a child that needs a good home. How many kids do you have?
I have two kids. One boy and one girl. They are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
How old are they? Do they have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
They are 8 and 10 years old. They do not have pets. What is your dog's name?
My dogs name is duke. He is a german shepherd. Do you have any kids?
No, I don't have kids. I would like to have kids someday. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It pays the bills. How about you?
That sounds like a good job. I am currently unemployed, but I am looking for a job.
I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of job are you looking for? Maybe I can help.
I would really appreciate that. I'm looking for something that will allow me to work from home.
I have a friend who works from home and she loves it. I'll ask her about it and get back to you.
That would be great. Thank you so much. I would love to be able to work at home. Do you like working from home?
I do. I get to work in my pajamas and I don't have to interact with anyone.
That sounds like a dream come true. I wish I could do that. How long have you been working at home?
I've been doing it for a few years now. It's a great way to save money.
That is a great idea. I will have to look into that. What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to go to the beach and watch sunsets. What about you? Do you have any hobbies?
That sounds relaxing. I do like to watch the sunset. I also like to read.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mysteries and thrillers.
I enjoy mystery and thriller books as well. My favorite book is the hunger games.
I haven't read that one. I'll have to check it out. What is it about?
It's about a dystopian future where children are forced to fight to the death for entertainment.
Sounds interesting. I might have to read it after I finish the book I'm reading right now.
That sounds like a good idea. What book are you reading? I'm always looking for recommendations.
I'm currently reading 1984 by george orwell. It's really good so far.
That's a great book. Have you read any other books by orwell? He's one of my favorite authors.
No, I haven't read any of his other books. What's your favorite book of his?
My favorite book by him is animal farm. Do you like dystopian literature?
I've never read animal farm, but I've heard of it. Yes, I do. I'm a big fan of the hunger games.
Do you have a favorite character in the book? I like katniss and peeta.
Peeta is my favorite, too. I think he's the most relatable character.
Have you read the other books in the series? Do you think they are as good as the first?
No, I haven't read the others yet. I don't think they're as good, but they're still good.