Hi! Tell me something about yourself!
I go to the gym on a daily basis. How about you?
Nice! I enjoy bicycling, sometimes at the gym.
That's great. I own a jeep do you drive?
I do, but I prefer to bike places. What do you do?
A music producer. My wife is a lawyer and yourself?
Well that is cool. I work with computers.
Nice know any good scam software?
No, sorry. What else do you like to do?
Work construction and have three children I love and take care of.
That sounds pretty busy! I usually just read and listen to music.
Thats nice check out my music on youtube. Dj k jae and microphone mafia.
I'll have to do that..
Thank you. And hope you enjoy and take care of yourself. Bless.
Dj Kahbib will be live on youtube in 7 hours, I think you'd like his music!
Wow thanks, i will definitely check it out!
What kind of music do you have on YouTube? I'd like to check it out!
Oh its just some experimental electronica stuff i like to mess around with when i have time
That sounds really cool! I like electronica. Never got into dubstep though. I like to listen to music while I'm riding my bike.
Yeah i think dubstep is an aquired taste ha. I like it also for working out. Gets you pumped.
Yes! I have a mix of Skrillex and David Guetta that really make the ride to work go by fast.
Ha, guess it helps if your late! Have you rode in any competitions recently?
Nope. I don't like biking competitively - I prefer to compete with myself and challenge myself, you know? What do you do for exercise?
I run as much as i can, then just lifting to get toned. I hear you on challenging yourself though
With your music and your job and your kids it must be hard to find time to workout! I need to do more lifting myself.
Well luckily, well maybe ha, i get a lot of running in chasing the kids!
That sounds like a good way to get in some cardio! How old are your kids again?
They are 7, 8, 9, and 10. They are a handful, but I love them to death.
I can't wait to have kids of my own someday. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
What kind of pets do you have? I have a dog and a cat. I also have a parrot.
I have two dogs and two cats. I love parrots. What is it like to have one?
It's a lot of work, but it's so rewarding to have a pet that loves you.
I bet it is. I would love to get a pet, but I'm not sure what I would name it.
There are so many names to choose from, it's hard to narrow it down. What do you think you'd name it?
I don't know. I've never had a pet before. Do you think I should get a cat or a dog?
I think it depends on what you're looking for. Dogs are great for companionship, but cats are more independent.
I think you're right. I think I'll get a dog. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That sounds like a great dog. I'll have to look into getting one. How long have you had him?
I've had him since he was a puppy. He was a rescue from the shelter.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to adopt a dog from a shelter, but I don't have the time right now.
Yeah, it's a lot of work, but it's worth it in the end. Do you have any pets at home?
I used to have a dog, but he passed away a few years ago. I miss him a lot.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was he? I love dogs.
He was an australian shepherd. He loved to play fetch with a frisbee.
That sounds like a great dog. I'm sure he had a great life with you and your family.
He really did. He was the best dog I've ever had. How is your dog doing?
My dog is doing great. She's a great companion for me when I go hiking.
That's great. I wish I had a dog, but I don't have the time to take care of one.
That's too bad. Do you have any hobbies that take up a lot of your time?
I like to read a lot. It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mystery and thrillers.
Mystery is a great genre to read in my opinion. I also like thriller books.
Have you read any of stephen king's books? He's my favorite thriller writer.
I have not but I have heard of him. He is one of the best writers of all time.
He really is. Do you have a favorite book of his? Mine is the dark tower series.
I haven't read that one yet but it is on my list. My favorite is the stand.
That's a good one too. Have you seen the movie version of the stand? It's pretty good.
I have seen it. I thought it was pretty good as well. What is your favorite book?
My favorite book would have to be 1984 by George Orwell. I love dystopian fiction.
I have never read that book. I will have to check it out. I have been reading a lot of thrillers lately.
Do you have any recommendations for thriller books? I'm always looking for something new to read.
Have you read any of stephen king's books? The shining is one of my favorites.
I haven't, but I've heard good things about the shining. I'll have to give it a try.
I think you'll like it. It's a thriller/horror book. Do you like those genres?