Hello, anyone there?
Hi! Yes, I am!
Oh, hi. ^_^ so, how are you doing today?.
Not too bad. Gorgeous weather in cali today! You?
It's alright. Snow over here, but at least I have pizza..
Oh man, I'm jealous. I started making homemade veggie pizza this year.
We'll have to swap recipes sometime, that sounds delicious..
Sounds great! It took a while to get my kids adjusted to veggies on it aha.
How did you tackle brussel sprouts? I cook a lot since my mom retired.
I roast brussel sprouts and then drizzle balsamic dressing over it. So good..
That's an idea. I'll have to try it next weekend, after the game sunday.
What sport are you watching?
Football. My grandfather got me into it, and I've been hooked ever since..
That's sweet-- I mostly just watch movies but my family loves football..
I was indoors in the last five hours, and I looked up a couple of recipes online for some vegetarian dishes. I found a recipe for a veggie lasagna that I wanted to try out, would you also like to get the link to try it out as well?
Only if it doesn't include eggplant or red/green peppers, I am allergic to them.
Uh oh, I think this recipe has both! I guess that is back to the drawing board for me. What are your favorite vegetables to eat and cook with?
I really like asparagus, it is one of my faves. Aside from that, I like snow peas and snap peas.
I do like asparagus as well. It tastes really good with bacon or prosciutto wrapped around it! Although, then it wouldn't be vegetarian. Do you eat meat or are you strictly plant-based?
I eat plenty of meat, but on Friday's, me and the kids to meat free Fridays. That's why we started doing veggie pizza.
That is a great idea! I am trying to eat less meat myself. How old are your kids?
I have a 8 year old and a 10 year old. They are a big 49ers fans.
Oh that is so nice! Are you a big sports fan yourself? I am not a huge sports fan but I like watching the Olympics.
Not a big sports fans, but since my family loves football, I do watch a little. I prefer old Client Eastwood movies.
I can't say I am a huge Clint Eastwood fan, but I haven't really given him a chance. What movies would you recommend?
Start with Hang 'em High, then perhaps something a bit more contemporary like Gran Torino. Careful though Gran Torino does have some racial undertones, so might offend some.
I'll have to check out hang'em high. I've heard of it, but never seen it.
Hang'em High is a great movie. You should check it out sometime. What is your favorite movie?
I don't really have a favorite movie. I like a lot of different genres. What about you?
I like action and comedy movies. My favorite movie of all time is the godfather. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. What's it about? Is it a comedy?
It's a crime movie about the mafia. It's really good. Do you like crime movies?
That sounds interesting. I'll have to give it a watch. Yes, I love crime movies.
Have you ever seen hang'em high? It's one of my favorites. I think you'd like it.
I have not seen it. I will have to check it out. What is your favorite movie?
I don't really have a favorite movie. I like a lot of different genres. What about you?
I like action and comedy movies. My favorite movie of all time is the godfather.
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard good things about it. What's it about?
It's about the mafia in new york. It's a classic. You should watch it.
I'll add it to my list of movies to watch, thanks for the recommendation! What's your favorite comedy movie?
That's a tough one. There are so many good ones. I'll have to think on that.
I know, it's hard to narrow it down to just one. Do you have a favorite comedian?
I'm a big fan of dave chappelle. Have you seen any of his specials?
No, I haven't. I've heard of him, but I don't know much about him.
He's a great stand up comedian. He's been doing it for a long time. You should check him out sometime.
I will, thanks for the recommendation! I'm always looking for new comedians to check out. How long have you been a vegan?
I've been vegan for about a year now. It's been a lot of work but I think it's worth it.
I'm sure it's been worth it! Do you think you'll ever go back to eating meat?
I'm not sure. I do miss the taste of meat sometimes, but it's not worth it to me.
I can understand that. I don't think I'll ever be able to give up meat completely.
Me neither. I love meat too much to give it up. Do you have any pets?
I have a dog. He's a golden retriever. What kind of dog do you have?
I've got a german shepherd. She's a sweetheart. What's your dog's name?
That's a great name for a dog! My dogs name is lucy. She loves to chase squirrels.
Aww, that's a cute name. I've never seen a dog chase a squirrel before.
Thank you! You should try it sometime, it's a lot of fun. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to hang out with my friends and play video games. Do you have any hobbies?
Video games are fun, but I don't play them as much as I used to. My hobbies are reading and writing.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mystery and crime novels.
Mystery is a good genre. My favorite book is the godfather. Have you seen the movie?
No, I haven't seen it. I've heard it's good though. What is it about?
It's about the mafia in new york. It's one of the best movies ever made.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check it out sometime. What else do you like to do?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. Do you play any video games?
No I don't. I'm not much of a gamer. I do like to read though.
What is your favorite genre of books to read? I like mystery and crime novels.