My father was a farmer when I was a boy, and my two older brothers helped on the farm.
My father was a hunter and has passed down hunting to me. I enjoy going hunting any chance I get. What was your favorite thing on the farm?.
I loved playing in the grain silo (carefully) with my brothers noah and tasha.
Oh my.. That sounds like it could be dangerous.
Tasha always made sure the grain couldn't fall on us!
I see. Did you have a favorite animal on the farm?.
My cat sonny was a favorite. He is still alive.
Aww that's really cute. I love cats too.
He might come visit me in kansas city where I just moved.
How is the weather in kansas city?.
It's still cold here but the spring flowers are beginning to bud.
Same here in pennsylvania. I cannot wait for it to be warm all the time..
Are you planning on going hunting anytime soon?
I will once it warms up a little bit. In the meantime, I will stay home with my cat and watch some tv.
Cool. Sonny and I like to watch tv too. So, what kind of hunting are you planning to do when it gets warmer?
Probably deer, that's the animal my dad taught me to hunt the most. Have you ever been hunting for deer?
No, I've always been too busy with the farm and all to do something like that. Do you eat the meat you get?
Yes I do, and my whole family enjoys. This is why I am so sad that the weather here is not suitable for hunting conditions. Does farming take all your time?
It really does. I mean, you get up before sunrise to work and you work all day past sunset. You can't take a day off because the crops always need tending to. That's cool that your whole family likes it! By the way, have you ever had a deer mounted or stuffed?
I have not, my family finds that a little scary! And I never realized how much work you needed to do, is it worth it?
I wouldn't know. I just wondered if you had because i've seen it on tv shows and stuff. Speaking of tv shows, what do you watch with your cat?
We don't watch anything specific right now, we just surf through Netflix and sees what appeals to us.
Same here. Have you thought about getting another cat? I knock the idea around every now and then but haven't yet.
I have considered it, but I know it will be a lot of work. This one takes a lot of time as it is.
Yeah, that's true. Do you have any other pets? I have a dog and a cat.
No, I don't have any pets at the moment. I would like to get a dog, though. What kind of dog do you have?
I have an australian shepherd. He's the best dog I've ever had.
That's cool. I've never had a dog. What do you do for fun in kansas?
I like to go hiking in the mountains. It's so peaceful and relaxing.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I had more time to do things like that.
It's a great way to relax after a long day of work. Do you have any hobbies?
I don't really have time for hobbies. I work so much that I barely have any free time.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find some time to relax soon. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but I mostly listen to classical music. How about you?
I like classical as well. My favorite composer is beethoven. Have you ever heard of him?
No, I haven't. I'll have to listen to some of his music. What is your favorite song of his?
I would have to say moonlight sonata. It is beautiful. Do you have any pets?
Yes, I have a dog. He's a golden retriever. I love him very much.
What is his name? I would love to get a dog but I am not sure what kind to get.
His name is charlie. I think you should get a small dog. They are great companions.
Charlie is a great name for a dog, I think I will go with that. How old is he?
He is about 3 years old. He is very friendly. He loves to play fetch with a tennis ball.
That sounds like a lot of fun. Does he like to go on walks with you too?
Yes, he loves to go for walks. Do you have any pets of your own?
I don't, but I would like to get a dog one day. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a german shepherd. I love him so much, he is my best friend.
That's awesome. I would love to have a dog, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
I am sorry to hear that. I am sure you can find a way to make it work. What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of call of duty lately. What about you?
I like video games as well. I also like to read. What is your favorite video game?
I'm a big fan of assassin's creed. What's your favorite genre to read?
I like fantasy and sci-fi books. Do you have any favorite authors?
I like j. K. Rowling. She's a great writer. Have you read any of her books?
No, I haven't read any j.k. rowling books. What are they about?
Her books are about wizards and witches and magic and stuff. They're really good.
That sounds interesting. I'll have to check them out sometime. What else do you do in your spare time?
I spend a lot of time with my dog. He's a german shepherd.
That's cool. I don't have any pets right now, but I used to have a dog when I was younger.
What kind of dog did you have when you were younger? I've never had a dog before.
I had a yorkshire terrier. It was a great dog. Do you like dogs?
I love dogs! I've always wanted to have one, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
That's a bummer. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get one someday.
I hope so too! Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I've been playing a lot of assassin's creed lately.