Hello, do you have any time off or holidays coming up?
I wish. I have to work six days, at least 12 hours a day for the next month, maybe more.
I will be traveling over the easter weekend. I got a new dress and everything.
Cool! Sounds like you are ready for a concert. I love black sabbath.
I like all kinds of music that most people my age like, I'm twenty eight.
Are you a vegetarian? I love hamburgers too much to give them up.
I don't follow any special type of diet.
I have been spending too much money on concerts and hamburgers. Also, consumed with work.
I really enjoy traveling and am looking forward to putting miles on my new car.
Where are you traveling for the easter holiday?
I think my mom will faint when she sees my blue hair.
Nice color, but where are you going for easter?
My moms reaction to my blue hair was epic.
Omg was she ok with it or not?
She thought I did a good job but thats as far as she wanted to speak about it. I know shes not a fan though because at the grocery store whenever someone looks at it she immediately gets defensive.
To be fair that is pretty funny. I think overtime she will get used to it probably just a shock to her system. You think you will keep it blue for a while?
Ive been changing it around every few months or so. I might try pink next to show her a color she likes more.
Oh that sounds great. I wish I could be braver to dye my hair a crazy color. I just stick to highlights.
I like those and once mine has grown out a bit im probably going to go that route. What color highlights do you get?
I usually get blonde and a reddish color i have light brown hair. Maybe next time i get my hair done i will just take the plunge and go for a bright all over color.
There are also really fun muted pastels
Oh maybe i will try that first then so it wont be too much of a shock to me. Thank you for the idea.
I started with those and once I knew which colors worked best for me I got bolder. They tend to be temporary and are super easy to DIY.
Thats an awesome way to start out so you can figure out what you actually like before doing something you regret.
That's exactly what I did. I knew I wanted to dye my hair, but I didn't want to do it until I knew what I liked.
That's a good way to go about it. Did you dye it yourself or go to a salon?
I dyed it myself. It was a lot of work, but it was worth it in the end.
That's so cool. I've never dyed my hair before. What color did you go with?
I went with a dark reddish brown. I think it looks really good on me. Have you ever dyed your hair?
No, I haven't. I don't know if I'd be brave enough to do that.
I think you should give it a try! It's not as scary as you think it is.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll try it one day. How long have you been growing your hair out?
I've been growing my hair out for about a year and a half now. It's getting pretty long.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you think you'll ever cut it again or will you just keep growing it out?
I'm thinking about cutting it again, but I'm not sure what to do with it. Any suggestions?
I don't think there's anything wrong with keeping it long. I think it looks good on you.
Thank you! I think I'll keep it long for a while and see how I feel about it.
That sounds like a good idea. What color are you going to dye your hair this time?
I haven't decided yet. I'm so indecisive when it comes to my hair.
I know what you mean, I'm the same way. I've been thinking about dying my hair purple.
I think that would look great on you! Do you think you'll do it yourself or go to a salon?
I'm going to do it myself, I've done it before and it turned out great. Have you ever dyed your hair?
I've never dyed my hair, but I've always wanted to. I think it would be fun.
It's a lot of work, but it's worth it in the end. Do you have any pets?
No, I don't have time for pets. I'm too busy with work and school.
That's understandable. What are you studying in school, if you don't mind me asking?
I'm studying to be a veterinarian. I love animals and want to help them.
That's great! I'm sure you'll be a great vet. What kind of animals do you like to work with?
I love dogs, cats, horses, and birds. What do you do for a living?
I work at a grocery store as a cashier. It's not the most exciting job, but it pays the bills.
That sounds like a good job. Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat.
I don't have pets, but I would like to get a dog. What breed is your dog?
My dog is a labrador retriever. I love him to death. He's a good boy.
I love labs. I had one when I was a kid and he was the best dog ever.
Labs are great dogs. They are very loyal and protective of their owners. What kind of dog do you have now?
I have an australian shepherd. She is the sweetest thing ever.
That's a great breed of dog. I've never had one but I've always wanted one.
You should get one! They are the best dogs ever. Do you have any pets of your own?
No, I don't have the time to take care of a pet right now. Maybe in the future.
That's too bad. I would love to have a dog, but I'm allergic to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you could get a hypoallergenic dog. Have you thought about that?
I hadn't thought of that. I'll have to look into it. Thanks for the suggestion!
You're welcome. I hope you find something that works for you. I know how much you love dogs.
Thank you, I appreciate that. Dogs are the best. What kind of dog do you have?