Hey, how are you doing?
I'm good how are you?
I'm great thanks, bit tired from the kids!
Oh, how many kids do you have?
3 kids, and a full time job so I'm pretty busy all the time! How bout you?
No kids. More time to watch the sunsets during summer!
Love it! How about other family?
Just my dad. Haven't seen him in a bit with his blue dodge truck.
Ah ok. I've got a few siblings. Is it a good truck?
It runs. I don't know much about it. What kind of work do you do?
Just office stuff. Nothing very exciting. How about you?
Part time plumber. Looking for something better! Crappy job, haha!
My kids were a handful today.
Were they being bad or just too much energy?
Yes, we had a really good weather day and they were all over the place. So much energy after all the bad weather thats been keeping us inside.
At least they could burn it off outside and they had each other to play with. My mum had to deal with me alone.
Thats really hard too. I grew up with siblings but I had friends that were the only child and theres a lot of weight put on you.
As the parent you would also need to be a kid so that you can play with them. That would be very hard.
I agree. That would be very difficult for me to get my head around. What kind of stuff would you two do together.
My mum would always play games with me and run around outside. She must have been exhausted all the time.
Thats so nice of her. She did a good job. Mine just stayed in a book most of the time.
I am not sure how I will cope if I ever have children, it all sounds very hard.
Its pretty tough but like any job you get used to it and figure a schedule out. And unlike a job you can actually have fun with it.
Yes I guess you are right but it must be very strange having 3 smaller versions of yourself running around?
Yeah it can be a little weird at first but you get use to it after a little while.
That's good to hear. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I like to play video games. I play a lot of call of duty. What about you?
I like playing video games as well. I also like to read books. What is your favorite video game?
I really like the assassin's creed series. Have you ever played any of those games?
No, I have never played assassins creed. I have heard of it though. What do you like about it?
It's just a really fun game to play. The combat is fun and the story is interesting.
I will have to check it out sometime. Do you have any other games you would recommend?
I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately. It's really fun and I'm getting better at it.
I haven't played that one yet. I'll have to give it a try. What platform do you play on?
I play on xbox. I'm not very good at it, but it's still fun.
I don't have an xbox, but I do have a ps4. Maybe we could play together sometime?
Sure, that would be fun. What's your favorite game to play on ps4? Mine is assassin's creed.
I like assassins creed as well. I also like to play call of duty. Do you play any of those?
I used to play cod a lot, but haven't in a while. I've been playing a lot of fortnite lately.
Fortnite is fun. I haven't played that in a long time. I should get back into it.
Yeah, it's a lot more fun when you have friends to play with. What have you been up to lately?
I have been trying to learn how to play the piano. I am not very good at it yet.
That's really cool. I wish I could play an instrument, but I don't have the patience for it.
I am sure you could if you really wanted to. You just have to find the right instrument for you. What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite band is the beatles. What's your favorite band?
My favorite band would have to be the rolling stones. What is your favorite beatles song?
I like a lot of their songs. I think my favorite is "hey jude." What's yours?
I like hey jude as well. I also really like let it be. How long have you been playing the piano?
I've been playing since I was a kid. I'm not very good, though. Do you play any instruments?
I used to play the drums when I was younger. I haven't played in a long time though.
That's cool. I've always wanted to learn how to play drums, but I don't know where to start.
I'm sure you could find some online tutorials to help you get started. It's not too hard once you get the hang of it.
That's good to know. I'll have to give it a try. Have you been to any concerts lately?
I went to a concert a couple of weeks ago. It was a rock concert and it was a lot of fun.
That sounds fun. What concert did you go to? Do you have a favorite rock band?
It was the rolling stones. My favorite band is the beatles. Do you like rock music?
Yes, I love rock music. The beatles are one of my favorite bands as well.
Do you play any instruments? I like to play the piano and the drums.
No, I don't have any musical talent. I wish I did, I would love to be able to play an instrument.
It's never too late to start. I started playing drums when I was 8 years old.
How old are you now? How long did it take you to learn how to play drums?
I'm 25 now. It took me about a year to get the hang of it. It's a lot of fun.
Wow, that's a long time. Do you have any tips for a beginner like me?
I would say the most important thing is to have fun with it. Don't get discouraged if you don't pick it up right away.