Hi.
Hello, I am about to take a lunch break and eat french fries.
I just finished my lunch I had a burger from chikfella and a chocolate milkshake.
Yum, what do you do for work? I am on work trip right now.
I work for jnj. Anything planned for the weeked?
Cool, yes I am going fishing how about you?
I am going snowboarding should be fun.
Wow, I have never been snowboarding before.
Try it sometime. What kind of car do you drive?
I don't live close to any mountians, I drive a suv because I have a family.
I am buying a new car, any recommendations?
Honda's are very reliable.
Yes honda is good I have a good deal on a nissan altima 2012 for 6k.
Wow that is a good deal! I would take that.
I bought that Nissan, it feels nice to have a clean car that works again!
That's great! Is it a new car? f you don't mind me asking, how much did you spend?
It is. It was a steal for 20,000. What did you spend on your Suv?
Oh, man, I almost don't wanna tell you... 48K. It's huge! I love to camp and fish for a week at a time, so it's the right size for me....
Wow! What kind is it? Have you camped with it before?
I bought it a couple of years back, and I take it out two or three times a year, depending upon how much time I can take off work. I camp in a big tent for the family, but the SUV is roomy enough we can stay in there if we want....
That makes sense. Do you have a different car that you drive more regularly? I'm not a huge camper myself.
I see I didn't tell you what it is: a Ford Expedition. I have a Toyota Corolla for in-city driving. For me and the family, we *have* to get out in nature at least twice a year. I just wish we lived closer to mountains, because there's nothing like trout fishing in mountain streams!
I lived near the mountains but never got used to driving in them. I need lessons for that. I always made my friends drive on snowboarding trips.
I got over my fear of driving in the mountains after doing Going-to-the-Sun Road in Glacier several times in the late-'90s. I wish I knew how to snowboard.
It definitely can be harder to learn as an adult. Do you ski instead?
No, just camp, fish, and hike in the hills, no real mountains. Sometimes we take the bikes and ride the foot paths.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've never been camping, but I've always wanted to go.
Camping is a great way to get out of the city and explore nature. You should give it a try. What do you like to do in the city?
I like to go to the museums and art galleries. I also like to shop.
Have you ever been to the art museum in new york? It's supposed to be one of the best in the world.
I have never been there but I would love to go someday. Have you been there?
I haven't, but it's on my list of places to visit. I hear it's amazing.
I have heard that too. I have been to new orleans a few times and I loved it.
I've always wanted to go there, but I've never been able to afford it. What's your favorite thing to do there?
I like to go to the aquarium. It is one of my favorite things to do.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I'll have to plan a trip there sometime soon.
I would love to go with you sometime. Do you have any other hobbies that you like to do?
I love going to the beach. It's so peaceful and relaxing. What about you?
That sounds nice. I don't have much time for hobbies since I'm so busy with work.
That makes sense. What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work in finance. It can be stressful at times, but it pays the bills.
That's good to hear. I'm glad you're able to make a living doing what you love.
Thank you. I hope you are able to find a job that makes you happy. You deserve it. What have you been up to lately?
I've been doing a lot of volunteer work at the animal shelter. It's been really rewarding.
That sounds like a great way to spend your free time. I wish I had more time for volunteering.
I'm sure you could find some time if you really wanted to. Do you have any hobbies?
I don't have much time for hobbies. I spend most of my time with my family.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do with your family when you're not with them?
I go to the beach with them. We like to go fishing and surfing.
That sounds fun. I've never surfed before, but I'd like to try it someday.
It's a lot of fun. You should give it a try sometime. Where do you live?
I live in north carolina. I'm not sure if there are any good waves around here.
That's a bummer. Maybe you can find a surf school near you and they can teach you how to surf.
That's not a bad idea. I'll have to look into that. Do you surf?
No, I don't. But I've always wanted to try. It looks like so much fun.
It does look like fun, but I'm afraid of sharks. Have you ever seen a shark while surfing?
I've seen a few sharks while fishing. I've never seen one in the ocean though.
That's good to know. Maybe I'll give it a try. How long have you been fishing?
I've been doing it since I was a kid. My grandfather taught me how to fish.
That's awesome. Do you have a fishing pole or do you just use your hands?
I just use my hands. I don't have a pole. What kind of fishing do you do?
I like to fish for trout and salmon. I also like to go camping and fishing in the mountains.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I've never been camping, but I've always wanted to go.
Camping is a great way to get out of the city and explore nature. You should try it sometime!
That's a great idea. I'll have to give it a try sometime. Have you been fishing lately?
No, I haven't fished in a long time. I need to get back into it.